Nafuala na amakalashi kumenso.
Thank you for watching this video, if you liked it, please subscribe to my channel.
Come on and I came here
Good evening. I would like to ask you if you would like to share your experience with us.
Awao mewari pamutengi yalandaw, umo afwere ishaati yamito mito, Iriyamaboko ayatari, erio netoroshi Iriyamakumbimakumbi.
If you have a footer you can use a pair of shoes, if you have a footer, you can use a pair of shoes, you can use a pair of shoes,
Nama'a yu'ale'i nda mumuse'u na'vi ika nu'u mu'a na'a pa'a ma'be'a.
Good. I have a problem. You have a big problem, don't you know that? The problem is that you have no money. You don't know where you are. I have a problem with you.
And now let's see how it looks inside the house in Ketuka.
Nangulimbi, Kulivamuaba Mufuru ishe.
Thank you very much for watching and see you next time.
Come on, I can be very careful. I'm a support. Okay. I fully show up
If we really are a fire I think a pamper I am piri Pantoo it's it's in be a kitty. It's over one fear. I'm at the moon. Okay, you need me piri
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below. Thank you very much. See you in the next video.
Thank you for watching, I hope you enjoyed this video, please give it a thumbs up and don't forget to subscribe.
Hello, Pachi Bumba, Bali. Kubekapo ichi laiti, icha kwaata ama lembo, icha kasana no kubeka.
I want to be a good friend to you. I hope you're doing well. Don't worry about me. I'll find an old friend. I hope you're doing well.
This is the table. This is where we put our food.
Omo palia baba ichi veke tembale isha kudilamo na afwala na akasote kumutwe wakwe.
I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I will see you in the next one.
Thank you very much for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Boucher, Moulin Douche, by Le Moneke Léffy.
Thank you for watching. If you liked this video, please subscribe to my channel.
My name is Chikulu. I am a child and I live in the city of Shilika, in the city of Amakera.
Thank you for watching. See you in the next video.
I hope you enjoyed this video and I'll see you in the next one.
Thank you for watching this video. If you like this video, please subscribe to my channel.
Ito ka lile moneka ilia bota nefibi ifia mulopa mulopa.
F.U.T.N.E.P.A.L.A.K.W.A.T.I.W.A.Y.A.U.K.U.W.E.A.L.A.
Thank you for watching!
Panshi pali umuchanga uwingi nganshi pali nefi shilwa fiyamaka sa.
Oyu umuru mendo na ikata kuntambo. Oshekuticha watipali ichilemudon san.
Now we will start to make the dough. We will start by making the dough into a ball. This is what we call a dough.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask me.
That's it for now, I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
Avalumendo wabili awafuelefi amatoloshi ukwawula amashati ya kumulu wale moneka wali ipa kuchitafimu ifya kusekesha abantu ifyo wale lolila ukutamba
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
Pumusungu, ishtata umu, nai kalalemwa.
I'm not going to tell you how to get to the top of the mountain. I'm going to tell you how to get there. I'm going to tell you how to get to the top of the mountain.
Shinbin Saru Shiri Sharpe Tuabuinon Mutumiseke Utunonu
Thank you for watching my video.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them.
Aray moneka, aray imbe ni imbo, paan tukule moneke fil imba
I want to remain in a bar of shame. I will continue to do the same for all of them. Start a monabico. Come with me to the tomb. I will be like a death. I will do what all of you know.
Eryokabirina ifumioru rimi ippan sediena lupo nene wadirumo.
Thank you very much. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments.
I hope you enjoyed this video, please like, share and subscribe to my channel.
Thank you very much for watching this video. See you in the next video.
K-K-T-I-N-O-I-N-A-K-O-A-N-G-A-S-H-A-I-A-P-L-A-S-T-I-K-I-K-U-M-A-B-O-K-O-I-A-K-A-K-O-O
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
My name is Torikiri Yonsei, and I am the founder of Uka Womba.
Pantanshi yamukashana pade moneka umuntu na umbi.
Bushye, Uyumwana, Uwachaichi, Emini Neshani, Iriale Sambirida, Nukweshe Changaruchakwe.
I am going to cut it into small pieces and then roll it into a ball.
This is the first time I am using this tool. It is very easy to use. It is very easy to use. It is very easy to use.
Alamune, usumasana, ule onfwasi.
Valeti Yajkwata Kosi Uwasia Uwununu Lelo Nava Bombira Pumkwai
CHESHINGA, ERIO NAWA ISOKERA, WONZU NAWA FUALA EFIN POMPO, NAWA PAPE FIOLA, ERIO NEFYAN PEPO NAKARIMO INCHENDE ARI TALALA.
Omonomendo ari palupiri apatari, na abamukakilani entambo mumusana.
Panchi palina ife muti ifyo ife aba fie mumbalia fiko lua
Pantanxiaque, Parimbale, Apalinephriaculia, Fiolimbi acidaria, and Fiashirepu.
Wish I can take it there from your quiz, sir
Mumbari iyaa musebo muli isyani isyai emba kabili kukuso kuakwe kuli isypuna isyai langi diakashika isyo watan ta miike.
Kwerena, awe ngibale mwenika na karimo pa li fobale tamba. Ire o kunu maya abokudiumu kashana, upa piliomua itse bandu, kunu maya nchinga. Ere o munangue, aremukopa itch kopi.
Now, the more clear about your proposal, the better.
They want to put him all up in it. At the moment, he's already in China. So, if they want to make a fee, they want to go to Mwintola, Mwintola, to be able to secure the land.
We'll see you in the next video, until then, take care.
I'm not going to do this anymore. I'm going to do it again. I'm going to do it again.
So, I hope you enjoyed this video. See you in the next video.
Aukwena, kumwentulakwaakwe, uyuna maa'e ukuli ukwansansanganshi.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Now we are going to cut the
Thank you for watching and see you next time.
And that's it, I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
Now we are going to make the
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Ushay uyumu sebo uyumu uyumu aume ari eka muin shita iya ka suba ule mune ka shaani
Chiripara, kuri uko baikakii re.
It is called pen. It is a pen that can be used to draw, draw and draw. You can use it to draw and draw. It is a pen that can be used to draw and draw. It is a pen that can be used to draw and draw.
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed the video. If you did, please like and subscribe.
Taere Moneka Ia Sonsa Muka Ii Nimbua
Yii nchen de wa na maa yuwa te moa, uku iswa mkudii lako.
Nangulafi'e ne mumbali'a mumana kundukali'e.
I hope you enjoyed this video, please give it a thumbs up and don't forget to subscribe to my channel for more videos like this.
Utubana utuli mutanda, tuli umu menshi, tuli angalam, natu sabawushia na menshi.
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please give it a thumbs up and don't forget to subscribe to my channel for more videos like this.
All you have to do is turn on the lights or turn off the lights.
don't forget to like, comment, and subscribe
Inboa iri mumpanga umure moneka ifyani ifyauuma, muka musewo aka nono umuri, aka mufolo.
This is a very important and important issue. It is an important issue that is being discussed. But it is not something that can be solved by just talking.
Elio, Imboa, into your quarter, Amasako, I am out.
Thank you for watching. Please subscribe to my channel.
Konuma, Kuryawa, Ndubatetwa, Badel, Alisha, Ukwaka, Wakaleyenda.
You know how it is, right? You are always here, with your friends and family, with your friends and family, and I can see you have a lot of work to do.
Chubansa chintualette elamo chirichika lambangan shi.
In Chen, the Uyumu-Omiyumu-Kalambari-Po-Iremonike-Isoma-Iriwapakulu-Echichibim-Biri-Yamualala-Eliori-Avapalupiri-Apasan-Samakanshi-Palemonika-Winosan.
Nipese in Wailiangalina?
Uchi, uyu shita ta, yeshi deshi muku bea imie fu, imishi shita vee
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please give it a thumbs up.
I will see you in the next video.
Now we are going to change the color of your hair, and we are going to use the same color for the other side as well.
Uyumawa omena afora na makarashi kabichi omena kapalizyu aloluyo shapanda ansiyakue. Kabi ina afora na kuwoko aka makumbi makumbi.
Sean say, should I have a duka?
If you have any questions or other problems, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Abantu na be minina, umode moneka kwa ate, nemuchi sankano, umodi Abantu a be ngi, munchende i neyi.
In Bua, Naikwata, Omushipi, Wafita, Muukoshi, Bari, Putula, and Omutila.
Thank you for watching my video.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
Hey, I'm Nene and I am on our counseling room and I'm going to show you how to push a FH10 weapon to a lady.
Thank you for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Karemoneka, Akansanza, Ukumuenafia, Ukumueniturapakanwa, Kafuide, Kadinabatemuikwa, Abakuru.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Umuanakashi Naikata in Tambo Yabuta, Ia kakirua kuchipampa.
I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do.
I'm going to put the link in the description.
Aba ome aba mpendo aba fweli fiak fwala fmofine balikun panga mwixitai akasuwa
Mulan dunshi, dunse tu shi foa di de fiyaku foa la fiyaku muru.
Hello, my name is Aso. Today I am going to share with you a story about a man named Shoforo.
Abba sungu mthanda, abba lumendo, nabba kashana, nabba minina, bambi nabbo, nabba kala.
My name is Bari Mutikuluwa. I am from Chayemba. I live in Mofine. When I finish school, I will come back to you.
Hi, I'm Simeena. I'm going to show you how to make a
Uyumulumendo moshirika
Hey boy, I want to buy a little more kukata and shita asha ife. It ain't getting in, molo suba.
Thank you for your attention. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please give it a thumbs up. And don't forget to subscribe to my channel. See you in the next video.
Who's here? Nifinshi, our one to one. Borechi takuri i inchen de.
Tishin Kechobu Oye, Nakuwakari Pakati, Naka Salapukisha, Ukuseka Ka Ika Tana Parufumo.
Inboa, Iri n'amo fufu yama langi yavili. Iri afita, n'iri awuta.
Thank you for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it. Don't forget to like this video and subscribe to my channel. See you in the next video.
In Basibili, Inbikulu, Elonaimbi, Enono, Shrikumpanga, Ukuli, Ifimuti, Edyo, Namabula, Panshin.
So, that's it for now. Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you next time.
Oyo we ne umolumendo oule pita konuma, ama no yali fie uko aleya, tale lode shako na mombadin.
So that was what I'm going to do now and I'm going to show you how to do it.
Thank you for watching. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Come on, I'll show you how to do it.
Lerona vena na wakonka ukutida bai mwini efyo umwana ashana, balaba aban sanso.
Then, I will show you the side of the bag. 1. 1. 0 1. 2. 0. 2. 1. 0. 0. 1. 0. 0. 1. 0. 0. 1. 0. 0. 1. 0. 0. 0. 0.
Thank you for watching and see you next time!
Kwe nabale moneka hawa sansamuka. Nga fidiachi balintutuba na ifibusa.
Thank you very much. This is the end of the video. If you liked the video, please like it. If you didn't like the video, please like it.
Imbua iaume, irekwela urupiri.
This is the end of the video. I hope you enjoyed it. If you have any questions, please ask me in the comments. I will answer as soon as possible. Thank you for watching.
A.I. Itchochainawasosachachinepantukunumayambueyukuleamonekembuanayinbileisamulubilo
Thank you so much for watching. I hope you enjoyed it. Don't forget to like and subscribe. See you in the next video.
Umua Omenomu Anakashababu Tengganda Na Bekala Panse Pumbali Afikuluwa
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please give it a thumbs up. I'll see you in the next video. Bye!
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me. Thank you very much.
Kono makuli na maluba ya katapa katapa
Inbuayi ku enabari funda huinokubene.
Umuru Mendo, Areshelida, Pakamutin, Kakwata, Amawiro, Nafwala, Itcha Kufwala, Itcha Kumulu, Itcha Wuta.
Kalei moneka akadabwa ukukakopa kuchikope.
Thank you very much. So, now, let's go to the court. So, if you have any questions, please feel free to ask. I will answer them all at once.
Thank you for watching this video, I hope you enjoyed it and I'll see you in the next one.
A.M. Demo na uku Ekubasambi isha imbua Ukubutuka Na ukupita umo psanap sana
Imbwa is suma sana, iya kwa tiamasako, aya suma kabili ayengi, ili muchiwansa, ili angala. Numbabushina omone fo ichi tire.
Thank you for watching.
Erio bambinabo. Wale angara si.
A little bit of salt and a little bit of black pepper and a little bit of salt.
Awekanshi, chiisuma, kashile angala fiefifine ishi imbua, ekusala puka.
There is a lot of work that needs to be done in order to get the work done. There is a lot of work that needs to be done in order to get the work done in order to get the work done.
We are now in the area of Tuenna. We are now in the area of Utua Uusaka. We are now in the area of Fiafita, the area of Nefiavuta.
Umuana Alepe Lukafe Eka Takuria Bantu Bambi
Thank you for watching this video, I hope you enjoyed it.
I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it. It's easy.
Onfwa, you know what I'm saying? If you don't understand what I'm saying, if you don't understand what I'm saying, it's like a pyramid. It's like a pyramid.
Wish you a very wonderful and a very end-up-a-fian-y.
Kunumanako kudiawantwambiawaleendela Nabunawa pikintikanamapangiawu
Thank you for watching this video, if you liked it, please give it a thumbs up and subscribe to my channel.
Emukwai, Enchitoyakwe Nankwe, Elunemfungwoshakwe, Shintu Isharowasana.
Hello, I'm Bengy, and I'm going to show you how to make a
Wushoku to loka alet to loka. Kwaku chin fianya.
Now for life you for if Kalamba it all ocean night shirt
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please like and subscribe.
Tupali Lekwati Ababan Tupale Febale Sefea Pabushiku Ubu Nangubeshi Re Mukutamba Abafue Lekwati Fiilubi Iftari
Your Kufiaku Fala wafoele na wakamba tika ko ama namba la aya psa na psa na
I'm not going to tell you why, but I'm going to tell you why. Because I'm going to teach you how to play basketball.
Shifuile, ulu baliluakwe ewa lechilika abanawo.
Thank you for watching this video. If you like this video, please subscribe to my channel. Thank you for watching.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Thank you very much. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you soon.
Alimulga Kwati, Atila Tofa, Injinga, Mumpanga, Eryo Asanga, Itilipanga, Chiliamuchi Inga, Omusewo, Elo Aimea, Injinga, Utia Toroshi.

I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it or not.
Thank you very much. This is Monika Winu. If you have any questions, please leave them in the comments. We will try to answer them as soon as possible.
Thank you for watching and I will see you in the next video.
Yeah, well, it's to show my team at the end
I'll talk to you when I get back to you.
Voshe, Oyo Omoeche, Owa Woda Nkanda, Fish Afweli, Kumuveli.
This song was recorded by Kashika and Sothaka Fitts. You can see the image on the screen.
In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit, I ask the Holy Spirit to help me.
Na be mini na panse a fi kuru a, bon se va bi di, na ba foa la notu su ete.
Afuile, alefwaya okupante omupida o dikade mulu.
Thank you for watching and have a nice day!
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Chachi inemune, pantunga takan shiwa, kuti abanomu inso.
Once the video is done, please click the like button and subscribe to our channel for more videos like this.
Akabwa Kale Tolo Ka Ichinbi
I'm going to show you how to do it in the next video, I'm going to show you how to do it in the next video.
I'm going to go to bed now, I'm going to go to bed now, I'm going to go to bed now.
Now I'm going to show you how to make a beautiful
Vashkuluvantu vafuele shatri avuta na vekala na pakapuna omulumendu afuele tuloshi ne shati siyavutulukila pe shati padina akariluva akamakumbimakumbi.
I don't want to be able to go out. I don't want to go out. I don't want to go out.
Thank you for watching and see you next time.
And of course every evening Everybody's home Praise the Lord Amen Amen Amen Amen Amen Amen Amen Amen Amen Amen The Last Supper Amen Amen Amen Amen Amen Amen Amen Amen Amen Amen Amen Amen Amen Amen
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Thank you very much for watching and please subscribe to my channel if you haven't already.

Now I'm going to cut the onion, garlic and onion into small pieces.
Okay, we're going to come on. Oh, no, you don't know how come a fire to come at come
We made the dough and we will make a ball of it. We will put the dough in the middle of the ball and we will put the dough in the middle of the flat table.
Awana Wariwatatu Umomuru Mendo Eruwabili Wakashana
Eryokabiri, Nakemiya, Nama Kufi, Iyo, Kareyri, Anshi, Ushi, Kweena, Finshi, Karechita, Apapa, Anshi, Kareyri.
I'm going to go to bed now. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed.
We shall see more soon, eh? Nangola Nashi Pusana.
I'm going to use the same technique for the other side. I'm going to make a hole in the middle of the wall.
Imbua, Irikulu Rambalo Ammana, Irei Angala.
Vare moneka kuati, vare tambikisha, if you havalu mendo, vare te omupira.
Namo Nakwena, Vakalamba, Ayama Sambiridonarimo Yakubafwilishakokusambiridenshilashakulisishamu Ichitendu.
Mwaomi, nai mini na nai kata na banjo, i karamba chini chini.
Thank you so much for watching, I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Thank you for watching and until next time, I am Monika Ngotua and I will see you in the next video.
Nanguchakuti inyali na shaka, ta shichinfi she infinfi, ka nshinaku fita sana.
Ava Aome Wabiri Ava Kuateng Kandeya Abuta Ava Rimumu Sebuwa Maninikila Bonsuwa Fuiriamatoloshiafita Umona Fualanishia Tiri Abuta
We shall see you soon when we are late, ta?
Sit down, I will stand and you can sing, if you want to, you can sing.
Thank you for watching my video. Please subscribe to my channel.
Okubali Kuntanshiawan, Tuku Fianchito, Okubali Tungulula
F.O.T.M.O.N.E.K.A. A.K.A. N.A.M.A. A.K.A. N.A.B.A. K.A. P.P.E.K.A. U.K.O. K.A. R.E. F.U.M.A. P.A.N.T.U. K.A. R.E. U.T.U.K.A. I.T.U. P.E.S.A. A.M.A.N.U.
In Boa Shalte we share a kuchena. Ea bu ta ee lea la ngana si ee panchi.
If you don't have a shirt, you can use a sweater or a shirt. If you don't have a shirt, you can use a sweater or a shirt.
Valibha namaayo batatu, nomua ume umo.
Okolundapo, Nakwate, Mississi, Kumutwe, Ishaapula, Pampumi, Nayo, Insta, Yavushku.
Abengi Wali Neftanbala, Bushir Mulandunshin.
Now for the next sautee cha kui chingira kumpepo Elu na abika na mawokum matumba
Allah, in kundamu ne, shilamu ne ka, isha abusaka abusaka, ne isha abuuta.
Numbah Chakupapusha Echualele Uyudamayo Paish.
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please give it a thumbs up. If you have any questions, please leave a comment below. Thanks for watching.
Muru Mendo is your skateboarder and this is your Muru Mendo.
Thank you for watching, I hope you enjoyed this video, please subscribe to my channel and give it a thumbs up.
Eh, Mune, I'll leave you to it if you need anything, I'm with you.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Bashtar Tabambi for today's Sheffi Electrika.
Thank you for watching.
And remember, Paris is not your world.
Avalumendo varetea uvangalo uvakuma kantu nefimuti nishi mulechere ra pameishi ayakosa.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Ileka nka ukuli umupila.
Aka kashana, aka itche, aka avu tenkanda, kare angaran aka apushi, aka kuete, amasako, aya avu turukila.
Pachi Puna itch a Katapa Katapa, Paria Muleka, and Pekara Bantu. Iro Pamba Iri Atsuko, Pari Uton Chinga, Utu Rupoko Atsitu Ava Iche Bene.
That's all for now, I'll see you in the next video.
Boy, you know I'm a little bit of a look-a-man. I don't know if I like it or not. I'm a little bit of a look-a-man. I'm a little bit of a look-a-man. I'm a little bit of a look-a-man.
I hope you enjoyed this video, please like, share and subscribe to my channel for more videos like this.
I think I'm done. Come on. Okay. You know, he'll eat poverty. Punch. I'm going to be a little in B. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm.
Kumbari alubansa, kudiringa, nempongro ya katapa katapa.
Omoa omen omoa nakashi nabe minna mpepinechi mbaya mbaya tcha fiitabare ito mone mi romo.
Ushi, umupiro yukue na. Vatea umo kukudyo na umbi umo ntukukuso.
I hope you enjoyed the video. Thank you so much for watching. See you soon.
And that's it, I'm going to sleep now.
Alia Moneka Owa Ipekania Iso Afuele Iso Ako Ichingirila
Eku ena nimbona, panse pali ngombe ika lambe chine chine, iya fita kabiri ya kuatana masengu. Kabirita ilole shoku dea bantu lelo e om kasana poside kua manu.
Imbi, are epti nukupu na penji inga?
Pambali Parinotumututununu Utulemonekatumbi Utuaumakupanunu
This is the end of the video. Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed it. See you in the next video.
Hi, my name is Wazir. Today, I am going to show you how to create a new video.
Okay, now I'm back with you for the Tila if you're cool if you have another no-no Momo's okay We should now move on if you're feeling better
Imoemboana ikua takamupiraaka katapakatapamukanua.
Awa, Wale Mwoneka Kwati, Wakashi Nawa Rume, Nawa Bekata, Nawa Nawa Awa Wawiri, Awa Ome.
Ga puta utuntutunonu tule ululuka. Kufuma kukaluba ali puta.
ウユシクルバントゥ ウムコロチ アレーヴェレンガ イチペーパラ チャーマリアシイ イチオエーケーテ ムミノヤアクウェ
Ninshi won't save a quater inch in guy she no no
I think that's enough for now, because I have to go to Calumbria.
Amanda got to see him get a chair the way Filiaba and Amayo moaba. Leelo, Alinu, uku iroleshiamuchirolani pakuyubiutula.
Nimbona, alabalechinda winosana, erubonse naba falamala ea posana, lelokomolo afwile fiafita, erubaleidubadishia efidemba fianseale vemininia katalamukila.
or if you don't have it, you can use a bowl or a bowl with a bowl with a bowl with a bowl with a bowl.
Thank you very much for watching this video. See you next time.
Thank you for watching my video. If you like my video, please subscribe to my channel.
Thank you for your attention and see you next time.
E lo embue inei, i le mone ka fiea a ka shkila.
I'm going to show you how to do it in the next video.
If you have any questions or other problems, please post them in the comments section below.
Push E, ancient devalue laco, uangaru waku i poniapanshi.
How do men do over there and gather?
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Ehh, Ejo, Kuriyama, Kumbi, Aiengin.
I hope you enjoyed this video and I'll see you in the next one. Thank you so much.
... ... ...
Kunuma kulinaka puna eriuna ifyani.
I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to get some water. I'm going to go to the bathroom and I'm going to get some water.
Elio Aba Abatatu, Nna Vanina, Pachakobapelusha.
Ababa and two but I'm looking at the sun in some Samoan galore
Hey hey, I'm going to tell you something that I've been wanting to tell you for a long time. I'm going to tell you something that I've been wanting to tell you for a long time.
Eko shile utukila kudu utufia ni utulemoni kua ti tuadi umakun pepu.
Bushene Finch, M.C. Cominoy.
Thank you for watching. If you have any questions or other problems, please post them in the comments. If you have any questions or other problems, please post them in the comments. Have a nice day.
Thank you for watching. See you in the next video.
Asana, Varinavala and Bapumaviri, Kumulan and Dunamachpa.
I don't believe that you will be able to do it.
My name is Mendo. My name is Kwati. My name is Winga. My name is Mendo. My name is Winga.
I want to wanna know, now we're gonna find out, how many people are in the same house, and how many people are in the same room. Wow, meh!
Ello Kumbaliwamusebobalepitamoaba, kulemonikakulifianifiakatapakatapa.
クリアマモトカヤンビパムセウォアパ。
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please like and subscribe. Thank you for watching.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below. Thank you for watching and have a nice day! See you next time!
Wushen, tapali na ngu filmu if you are a lechita.
Mulu Mendo na ima ni na Mumba li ya Mumana.
Numbabonse awa chamuntu na kwa teffi apu sanefi walechita. Bushina omona.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments or on the screen. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them on the chat.
Gofins, filet de tica.
Now we are going to mix the rice flour, salt, and water in a bowl and we are going to mix it all together to form a dough.
Thank you for watching!
Thank you for watching.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
Aka mulumendo, aka aiche, na aka moana, aka anakashi. Pali etamba inama.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Ere pa fiku uru efi ingi, pari nefile embo pa muru na rimu, ma ashi na ya jiku uru wa chimo na chimo.
OYUMO AOME, AREI POMBA KOCHIMOICHOBA I POMBO MUNTUNGA CHAKUTI RANA ICHENA CHIRA MUNIKA KUATI, IRIO ACHIRA A VOMBA, ACHI ICHENA EMULANDU AREI KAKILAPU
Ava Navavidi na na mayona veka la pachipuna.
Nimbona, what do you think of Monika? I think she is a very good singer. I think she is a very talented singer.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Kunumaya Kwakapokola Aikumbete Amabuko Kuri Umunumendo Oafita
We now have a bit of a winging gun.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
I don't know what he said, but I think he's drunk.
Thank you for watching, I hope you enjoyed this video, please subscribe to my channel if you haven't already and give this video a thumbs up.
Start down. We are the pocket.
Now we've got our income I key should be the patching damba
Okay, now I'm going to do the tattoo, and then I'm going to do the hair.
If you don't believe me, I'll show you what I'm talking about.
We're going to end it very quickly. I have a little bit of water to wash it. I'm going to put a little bit of water in here.
Inboa, shikoete ama langi yabiri yabiri, ayapalana.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Thank you very much for your attention and see you in the next video.
Kaveri mumbadi yamso mwini, mwile mwneka mwaliwana mayanda nangu, ama tuuka, and mwile mwneke fkuruwa.
Mumbalia kwekapokola muri imi oto kashibidi imo ia wuta imo ia fita
Thank you for watching and see you next time.
Nafukamako alefumia iwilo.
Abakashanababidi walebutuka mumbadiyamumana.
I want to put a two-way angle. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it.
Tapadipo napo ekeli.
Thank you for watching.
Thank you for watching and see you next time.
Uyuna mayo, ashen tsuri de kurishitata, nomboyishitata angasara kofepa anono, uyuna mayo nishi kutsu apona.
In Burstatu, Shirei Angala, Palungkoto, Luwaka Tapakatapa, Panjta, Iakasuba.
If that's the oil, I'm going to add a little bit of salt. I'm going to add a little bit of salt.
It's it's full on, Chile Moneka Kwati, neemu mabala, ayavela mui sambari alupili, Chile Moneka Kwati ababa ntuweka la mupepi, akata la mukeera kuri akayandaka pangeerua nechana.
Now we are going to add the mustard to the egg and fry it until it turns golden brown.
Push the button to turn on the pump, then turn on the pump and turn it off. That's how you do it.
Omoa ome omoa wo tenka nda, ale nda mumusewona kalimba ka mumatui.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below. Thank you very much and have a nice day.
Umwa umme na afwarana kasote aga akashikila.
Thank you for watching, see you next time!
Uyumkashana Nafwara Isha Tzriyabuta Eryoarkwata Emishishi Stadisha Fita
If you have any questions, please write them in the comment section below.
Mombari Amusebo, Mori Fikuluwa, Ifitali, Kavili, Kulinashikulubantu, Umukorochi, Uuleenda, Mombari Amusebo.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below. Thank you for watching and see you next time.
Mulumenda Ombi, Naikalako, Pakampanewo.
I hope you liked this video. If you liked it, please subscribe to my channel. And if you want to see more videos like this, please click the link in the description.
Nipaliya Vanthugalole La Vassaaja
Umukashanoyowasendewepasteshienu. Pantutakwaadiamasachaepakushutakoiichakudyakachelochelo.
I didn't want to come up also come on man. Oh, yeah Did you have anything? She?
Kun tan xia kwe kuryakale laity na kaka. Eliyo kuchibumba kuryin solokoto, window, nechukope, chamu ngeri.
Thank you for watching and see you next time.
I hope you enjoyed this video and I will see you in the next one.
Next, I'll take them to Imbaya-Imbaya, and I'll show you how to get there.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
Thank you and have a nice day!
Thank you for watching this video. If you like this video, please subscribe to my channel. If you don't like this video, please subscribe to my channel.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
Elyokabiri, Uyumwa, Nakashi, Nafuala, Nelaya, Idisuma, Idiafita.
Nafwala itoroshi iafita
Thank you very much. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you in the next video.
So that's about it for this one, I'll see you in the next one.
Sitata alimumpanga aletusha
Inchende i ne ii voi. Kulemonika ati kulaya sana avantu avapsana apusana.
AFO Chile Mone Carboying, Pan Tuba Kapokola and Abafola Po Panchen De Apan.
Omo lumendo, Omo are tolokila mumuela. Bambi bare e kopon e fupikicha.
We'll see you in the next video.
But if you don't believe me, I'll show you how to get to the bottom of this. I'll show you how to get to the bottom of this.
Yes, that's right. There are many, many things that can be done in the future. I hope that you will continue to support us.

Thank you for watching my video. I hope you enjoyed it.
In Kanda Yabu Yachi Chai Nizi, Ngalisa Vin Shibari Yababa Nensu, Leloka Shtisha Wan Kanda Yabuta.
Chiremoneka appa wa kudirechikuruwa nimpaka tukampanga, pantuku wa shala kudifiefi muti.
Vastataveni Varemonika Navakaripa. Chinchchirengere.
We'll wait for her, we'll see what she has in her. We won't wait for her to finish her work.
Mopepi Achi Kupa Kodi Imbwa Eira Ngiria Kashi Kira Naif Kama Kodina Ichaakposa Mo Ithiko Ichaafita
O momomari kezi mori otuntemba otwingi otwakoshtisishamu.
This is the end of the video, thank you for watching!
Inbo is a shibirish, a monika shikulu sana, elo palimu e afi tamasako, elo imbina e ne akashkila, elo kabiri, shile monika kwa tipalifio shile wutukila.
Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. But I'm going to show you how to do it in the next video.
I'm Boa, and I'll see you in the next video.
クリーフィパンパフィタトゥイフィアレンボアムォムセボ
Kotarirojue Ukoso Koryomumana
My name is Konu Marabokule. I am from Mbalia, Musewu. My name is Minina. I am from Bayambaya, Alikana, Alikana.
Stata, Nakasuteka, Fitane, Shatriya, Makumbi, Makumbi, Naimina, Ari, Kopa, Ifikope.
Pamolo iaccio vacuola. Pali i fkope fibidi i fide emberi wepo. I fide i shibidu fia pamsewu.
Thank you very much for watching.
Balipakachuru Agakwete Imichanga Eka Eka Echirengere Ichitukutuku Chifidwe Kupita
Wusha ni kuisa, uko muka sha ana no mulu men do ba di.
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
My name is Mario. I am from Alaya. My name is Fenefu Alenda. My name is Papa Nechola. My name is Momo Ake. My name is Fenefu Afule.
Pali awa ichi eri na wakuri repu, wonsen wali pachi shiva chanmenshi ichi kalamba.
Bon sabat tatu. Nava foala e fiaq foala e fiaq.
Kunthulo, entrance yachiko lua na pui salua na intambo sha kulang a bantu kuti tabasumini shiwe. Kuli na oui ke lepachi puna kuntanshi.
Morene-Nensalwa-Makumbi Makumbi Mutenge-Kabirinama-Storo-Yadimu-Yadimunika-Ayafi-Akufwala
Boy, money for change is the only thing we know. We should be aware of it. Isn't that so cool?
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Thank you for watching. If you liked this video, please give it a thumbs up and share it with your friends.
Shirei Monekakuachi, Shirei Wutukirafi, Tairesuma Akanonu
Abakashana, Wani, Wale Pita, Pamatuka, Wale Fumina, Ukwarekana Rekana.
Wauwishi Awe Katire Umwana Wafwere Iwairia Buta Ero Kukubo Kukumbiwe Kete Iwotolo
I want to
Thank you for watching and don't forget to subscribe to our channel for more videos like this.
Welcome to my channel. Today I am going to show you how to make the most of your time. Please subscribe to my channel.
Now, I'll show you how to cut the fish. I'll show you how to cut the fish. I'll show you how to cut the fish.
Chachi ni ichomu ni oasosa. Elio babiri. Waleelanga. Amenu.
Yeah, I'm sorry. I don't know if I can help you. I'm sorry. I don't know if I can help you.
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed the video.
In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit, I ask that you give thanks to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Spirit, and to the Holy Spirit.
Rastaita wabidi na walo desha mumulu, eri na wémiyama wokokwati wadisha ana.
What's your name? What are you doing here?
I want to power wallah upper your mind. Oh chin. I'm second. I'm Kasha. No more very pan say it's full. Oh, can be the number soon. So mana
シタタオイオアレモニカオコバオアサカマナニンシアレピタモ
I'm going to show you how to do it in the next video.
I'm gonna do in a way in the career thing to send the core to say would like when Sony our church it could be very happy by saying the way I'm going to show you know, I like to send the one for
Limbi is a very nice person. He is willing to go to Pantou, meet Limbi and spend time with her.
Eh, I don't know about you, but I don't think you're the only one who knows how to drive a car.
Omoa ome, owa mushinguwa pakachi, owa wu tenkanda, na nina pakchiko chikala.
Thank you so much. I hope you enjoyed this video.
I hope you enjoyed this video, please like, share and subscribe!
Munni, chupari dekwati pari efyo baletamba kurya avantu valoseshe avengi.
Today we are going to show you how to make a

Kuli umana kaxi umo u i kele pa mupando awota, apemi nenene mwa i awota.
Balei angalech angalochace ramshuke.
Ava Navaviri Nawe Kalapanshi Valeri Amatava
Now, I'm going to show you how to use the app on your phone. Now, I'm going to show you how to use the app on your phone.
Queen Echikuruwa Gunuma
Bushi, Oyo Omo Lomendo, Aley Angala Shani, Obo Obo Angalo.
Chachi no Rimbu aremba. Nalu mu fuka kumutimah. Aremba kanari muarifiye eka pari aremba. Ushayin awambi.
Thank you for watching.
Kuno maya kwe, kuriolun koto luawa, kwenpwa wino, uluwa katapa katapa.
I'm not sure if I can do it. I don't know. I'm not sure if I can do it.
Abaichi wale angala pa mosewo nen jinga.
Thank you very much for your attention.
If you like this video, please subscribe to my channel and give it a thumbs up. See you in the next video.
Vani, na vani na pa machi ngayavo, eru awashala bemini nefye.
paremone kamaruba nefiani
Chachi ne mune. Eryo umushishi na uomba. Chire mone kakwati kale uingisha mo mumeishi.
Yeah, I am. My father used to say, I am a man of the heart. I am a man of the heart. I am a man of the heart. I am a man of the heart.
Hello Kabiri, Kunchen Deyaka Enadi, Pule Muneika Badikula Kone Chukurachimu, Ichi Summa, Ichi Muneika Winunganchi, Ichi Abuta.
Nafuala na maski yokumatui.
Number one in a venue if you're valuelo the sharp on quite enough a more number or more land Oh, I know
Thank you and have a nice day.
Kuri awantu watatu, umo ana umo alayenda, umukasha ana umo naikala pampandu eru, wambi nawe minina konuma.
I hope you enjoyed this video and I will see you in the next one.
I'm so happy that I have a friend. He is so kind. He is so kind. I'm so happy that I have a friend. I'm so happy that I have a friend.
That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to use the same method as before. I'm going to use the same method as before.
Konu maya bantu, kuri nechi kulu wa ichi kulunga nchi, eri ova lichisunga winnu.
Abawantu wale pala nga wali muciliye, kot, nga poshi tatta neshimilandu loya.
Ababa Aome Abali Muma Bumba Yabili Abali Idifuele Ifyabuta Eriolimbi Ifyakashika Abaletea Omupilawa Kumakasa
Ababa and Batatu are not allowed to enter the machine. They are not allowed to enter the building.
I don't know. I don't know what to do.
Eamon, Bonsai, La Fuele, and Piafita.
Muminu e a kwe na e kata ichi tabo kukuboko kwa kukuyu.
Thank you for watching. If you like this video, please subscribe to my channel.
Thank you for watching this video. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Tilep Parakuat na Kalimu alipama fundisho ya kulisha nfutti o yu monto
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I hope you will like it. Thank you for watching and have a nice day.
Eryo kabir we mi ni ne umo kuno ruwari, liena umbi, kuruwari rumbi, kabir pakati kabo, pari ne cha para, puranga pa uru, na panchi pari ne sumbo.
Voshe, iti chintu, iti oyumwa ume, owa musin ku owa pakati, anini nepo. Tiremoni kashaani.
And that's the end of the video, I hope you enjoyed it, and I'll see you in the next video.
Today, I'm going to show you how to create a file in Kupona.
My name is Moneko Ngannda, and I'm going to show you how to use Oboalwa. Let's see how to use Oboalwa in this video.
Umulumendo, alayangala, alayxelilapachimbi, kunmayakwe, kulinamayanda, ayakalamba, eliyon umulumendo, umfiafita, ulepita.
I started working under work in England, and I'm now working in Wiggy, Mamoru.
More men don't have water each sort day.
Thank you for watching and see you next time.
If you like this recipe, please share it with your friends and family and don't forget to subscribe to my channel.
Chibonsa aleti elamucha katapa katapa ne mishi loja avuta, elonafo ala naka sote ka avuta.
I'm going to use the same color as the flower.
utuba ichi utuba na kachitubiri, na tula mbalala tula angasha amenshiye.
This is the end of the video, I hope you enjoyed it.
OYOMO PILA VATERI INGIDI NEMUNCHEN DEA KUCHINFIA NYAMUFIA RUIFIA LIKANA LIKANA
Umuntu ummo na pushi, pushi na summa umuntu pamona
Aval Mendo Nava Tantama
If you are a father, I'm for you. I am a mother, and I want you to know that I love you.
Hey, Nimbunoyomu, I want to ask you a question about your wife. When she was pregnant, did she have a child? When she was pregnant, did she have a child? I want to know.
Havana, Havana, Nova Lechena, Pacuangala.
Hello, my name is Mumpa and I'm here with my family. I'm going to teach them how to use the lights. I'm going to show you how to do it.
Mkwai paliakabwa aka nono, aka kwete, ama tui ayakulunga nshi.
Thank you for watching this video.
Wushe o yusitata, emu inewetukaidi nangulamu wonsifye.
When I'm done, I'm going to cut it to make it easier to peel and cut it into pieces.
Thank you for watching, I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
Aka moana aka kashaana, Kalei angala keka momeishi, Kumbali ya moumana.
Now, voila, itchily itchafy to look at them.
Umua Omena Imini Nalelo Lesha
I don't think I can do it anymore.
Kabirina, for our next literature, Kashkira Kumuduwe.
Thank you for watching my video and I will see you in the next video.
Numbah, takwishibi ikobu inubu inukombwa irebutukida.
This is the end of the video, I hope you liked it, and I'll see you in the next video.
She wants a charged shungulu kwa nailing a gamma plank
Come on, let's see if I can get a sandwich. I could eat that.
The foundation has come on a once-in-a-life order if you have a Buddha.
She thought that I'd cut out a couple anger ego monocle. She I feel you could do what look cool
Thank you for watching!
I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about.
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please give it a thumbs up. See you next time.
Thank you very much. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you in the next video.
If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to ask them in the comments section below. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Hello Umbi Umu Ami, how are you doing? I hope you are doing well. My name is Shira Makumi Makumi. Thank you for watching. See you in the next video.
Ouma Ome'u Omi'i ni nepanshina e'na nafwara ixatidiamaboko a'ata di Iliamito mito ne torosi iliyelangi iliyamakumbi makumbi. Kabirina'ikata na'ka amote.
Ava umeba tatu bali pansa ba vidi bali pam tenge ero umu bali paanshi na iminina. Paanshi alelo sha bali pam umulu.
Thank you for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments section below. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
Thank you for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it.
Thank you for watching, if you liked this video, give it a thumbs up and don't forget to subscribe.
Ayisine, arenga, wafowarenefi, wafowere, kunsapato, waleinia, and tapo.
Thank you for watching and see you next time.
Come on, let's go and have a look. Come on, let's go and have a look.
Thank you for watching, I'm your host, your child, Amanda Aengisano.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Thank you for watching this video. I'm Monica. See you next time. Bye.
Nimbamonaboi, Elobonsebafuele, Amakaptula, Leonaapusanaamalanki, Elokukumbi, Kuliamantubabili, Eloguru, Arife Eka, Elopakatinababikaponesomboepovaletela
My dear, we have no money. We can't afford to sell our land. We can't afford to pay the rent. Only if we have enough money.
What should I be doing here? I've been thinking about this for a while now, I don't know what to do with my life. What if what I've been doing is the wrong thing?
Hello everyone, my name is Karine. I am a farmer. I live in Chivumba.
Hello Nakaviri, how are you doing? We are here to take care of you and your family.
My name is Nadine. Today I'm going to show you how to make your first shawmoo if you have a cold.
Chishinka is the name of the city of Osaka. It is located in the center of the city of Mbelemi. It is located in the center of the city of Kurya.
Omoa ume omo, nai kalamu ngannda, ale palafimo.
Thank you for watching and see you next time.
タレモネコアセケデラサーナ,うちゃちんしちれもいんちゃ。
Now remove your repair and make sure it's clean.
Thank you for watching and don't forget to like the video and subscribe to the channel.
Nomba bachi ingira moshani muri ingiende, pantukule moneka ukwa fita, kabidu kwa ula nomu ingiapa ku ingirira.
Vabili, Nawekala, Elobabili, Nawe Minina. Chiparilekwati, Elobasange, Chichifulo, Tabachumunapuyo.
Finch Valley Tamuri Injende, Umuri and Mawaya Kalamba Sana.
Akamuanakamu karepita pakapuranga kareinda ukwaburumunso wakupona
Nakafuara ira iya makumbi makumbi.
I'm going to take a shower and get ready to go to the gym.
Thank you so much for watching this video. Have a nice day.
Thank you very much. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, don't forget to like the video and subscribe to the channel.
Thank you for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it. See you in the next video. Bye.
I want to upper the above me now. I'm a cash in buddy pants a pant and she happy cool Oh, no, I'm in a video Bambi. No, I'm a color
When the sun sets, the birds are able to fly. The birds are able to fly in the air.
Ituka Wemini-Nepo, Ituka Ria-Kuishyamo, Ifyakufuala. Muri Ituka, Muri Ifyakufuala, Ifyawa-Ume, Nawa-Nakashi.
Thank you for watching this video. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section. Have a nice day.
Thank you for watching.
Thank you for watching. Please like, share and subscribe to my channel. See you next time.
I'm going to show you how to make a shirt for your friends I'm going to show you how to make a shirt for your friends Don't forget to subscribe to my channel
I'll let you shape it as you like. If you have any questions, feel free to ask me.
Omo, Muriyama la iti, haiya pusana pusana.
But if it had to, if you could tell him to do it. If you wish, I'll let you know. I'll try to convince him to do it.
The children are still in school, but they are still in the city. They are still in school, but they are still in the city.
Thank you very much. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments section below. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Now, long gica, no mba, kuria bantu hawa lemu tamba. Kurish tatu, yu lemu kopanech koppe, u rina kalufumo na fowala nechakashka mukati.
Hello, I'm the owner of the shop. I'm going to ask you for a lift. I'm going to ask you about your business. You can also ask me about your business. I'm going to ask you about your business.
This is what we need to do. If we don't do something, we won't be able to do anything. We won't be able to open this machine or open the door, or open this machine.
Namayo, alimunga ndayakwe, alie wamiya.
Hello, Panduarepukutapetevulo. Napa Monika Winu, Pa Monika Paavusakakavidia Paaveka.
Now we are going to cut the cabbage into small pieces and place them on a paper towel.
Wushen, chinsha wawaichi, walonga nini chapamu, na imbara shakudidamu, wale ocha, ina ina maa.
Chile para Kuatua wa awa itchintuwale ochila inamano kulu ngana cha pomo kudi u sefyon angula u sefyapofimo.
Awa Aichi, Awa Omewane, Navi Minna, Navi Katana, Imbare, Shako Dirapo.
Pali Pali Pali Pali
I am very happy to be here in the quarter of Mura. I am very happy to be here in the quarter of Mura.
Thank you for watching this video. See you next time.
Thank you for watching. If you liked the video, please subscribe to the channel.
This is the end of the video. Thank you for watching.
Abadumendo, Baripanchinga, Mumpanga.
Now we are going to paint the
Yeah, Muni. If you mutti, fi alituala wino, ama wula.
Nefe muti nafio mumbariyabo. Fire moneka, ifia katapa katapa, ifia emba.
Thank you for watching. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments. That's all for now.
Rimbita Shafi'ita Shiremonekafiriapantu Chiri Chunguro Kuati Nakarimo Eryo Akasuwa Kare-Ingira
Aka rumendo, kamun tukabute nkanda, iro kari kwa tena emisisi, isha afi te isipi, isha adingana.
Aka Murumendo Aka Ichi Kari Muribemba Emo Kari Samba Na Aka Sawaula Na Menchi Paku Samba
Abiripari alabantuanakashi yenaomomaome
add some fulochimo, kuliabantu and kashmiri red chilli powder
Thank you for watching my video.
Now I will show you how to create a tattoo of a man and a woman with a tattoo of a man.
If you have any questions or other problems, please post them in the comments section below.
Chile Moneka 14, Aba Abalumendo, Nawa Sansamukasa, and Uksangwa Konjende, Ugun.
Yeah, boy. He looks like he's got a lot of hair. He looks like he's got a lot of hair in his head.
Thank you for watching and don't forget to like the video and subscribe to the channel.
I'm a young shirikakodi. If you call on a family, if you're a cashkiller, I'm a petitioner, and if you're a voter.
If you have any questions or other problems, please post them in the comments section below.
If you have any questions or other problems, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
My name is Aboseli Amanokuntanshi, I live in Chippady, if you are a little less.
Ushay Uyumuana Echirinabanani Kamanauku
If you are a foreigner, don't forget to subscribe to our channel. Thank you very much.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Omoana Omoana Kashi, Nafualaifiakashika are Samba Mukamana.
Thank you for watching.
However, it is not known whether this is the case or not, but it is said that this is the case and not the case.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please like and subscribe. Thank you for watching.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below. Thank you for watching.
Aka mwa ichi ka fuide takari keka mumpanga omu kare, kari pantu, mure mone ka omu ati ka manganshi.
So, what do you think? Do you think it's worth the money? I think it's worth the money. It's not expensive.
Aka mo aiche na ke kala pachin perua ichi ri mumpanga erio kare peru ka nishi na kemia na muru mumuru.
Pamuru etuka pali naka pamupa aka lemgwa upo ishi nadia etuka.
Panse Ietuka Padi Imbua Iafita Iderole Shashkulubantu Yole Ingeramuituka
Kavili Palinenchinka is in Thilileku Chibi Chetuka.
Shukrubantu, pali ingi ramu itul ka, na ingi shalu kuboko kwa kwe witu nun ba, yetulu ushi.
What's that? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.
Thank you for watching and don't forget to like the video and subscribe to the channel. See you in the next video.
I am using a plastic card with a small hole in the middle so that the plastic can be inserted into the hole and the hole can be inserted into the hole.
Aka na aka u mekale monekaneke na akale yimbapanshi nolukasu
Ustaata, are you still there? If you are still there, I will call you back. I will call you back when I get the chance to talk to you. I will call you back when I get the chance to talk to you.
Omo lumendo, ale e ipika, na afuala, i txampe po txe langi di afita, no wulungu mumukoshi.
Thank you for watching this video. If you like this video, please subscribe to my channel. If you like this video, please subscribe to my channel. If you like this video, please subscribe to my channel. Thank you.

Kunumaya kwa shkuruvantu, kuriyavantu abuave manine, naave kere.
Shukrubantu arikuru lamba voabemba are angasra akampila akanon huminue.
Thank you very much for your attention before we come to the end of the video.
We will do more Monica. I'm a bimby. I have water
Hello, my name is Muqtonton Kanya. I am from Uyumon. I was born and raised in Kuti, Apusuka.
Thank you for watching and see you next time.
Alepe luka lintualeshe lemuka kumunio lolo
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Thank you very much. I hope you will enjoy this video. I hope you will like it.
In Tamil, it is called a cheepa, which is the name of a cow.
Naya Shah, I'm a laity. And you're not equal to no longer watch alocha United States of America
Thank you very much for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it.
Thank you so much for watching and I will see you in the next video.
But I don't know what to do with it. I don't know what to do with it. I don't know what to do with it.
Hey, Chachi. I'm going to ask you a question. Why don't you tell me the answer?
Olo limbi pa li fimo efe omu numendo, ale do ndo lue la omu na unkwe ife adikun ta inchi.
Omolomendo di kunta ishmuta jokuchido di kunnumayakui.
Thank you for watching, I hope you enjoyed the video, see you in the next one.
Nangulalimbi Kuli Aga Naabu Kunta Isin Ewa Bale Tamba No Kulanda Po
Eh, Kuti Chawa, Kupalile Kunchendoku, Kudinabambi Abantu.
Avalumendo Ava o monafo ala kasotea ka afita.
Abadumendopapiri, abasungunapeminina.
Hey, Limby, why did you drink coffee in the middle of the night?
Om Nangwe Nangwe, Ale Moneka, Ale Shinguluka, Ale Tota.
Chachini, Uyumbi, Naimianamawokomumuru, Kwati, Adedota.
Let me know in the comments below what you think of this video. And if you have any questions or suggestions, please leave them in the comments below.
Chi-pa-ri-re, ba-re-fu-a-yo-ku-sha-a-na Na-ngu-ra, ba-re-fu-a-yo-ku-ru-a Ba-re-mu-ne-ke-m-pe-ta-sa-a-na
Waistatababiri Waretambo Ukwakwakasuba Kukamana
Fia cu panza in shira omo varenda.
Nista Yachunguro Bushiku Kachotavariye Monekia
This is a short video, but I hope you enjoyed it. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask me.
Yeah, I like it. I want to go back to my room.
Now, I'm going to show you how to make a
Kabir, we will start now, Narela and Imbwa will start now.
Aye aye, kabiri kun tan siya kwa shi tataneinbo. Kuri ii aka muti aka noo noo.
In Buwabadi, Putulano, Omuchila, Ereo, Mumukoshi, Bawadi, Kaka, Omushipi, Uwafi, Tanakadimo, Ubomba, Gechi, Shibidu.
I mean, see, you're in the middle of a long way. You're in the middle of a long way. It's the point, see, to find the way to the end.
コイナクウチヤバマビンビパンツアポインボア イレトロカポンセパレモニカアポワボンバナパジンダナマカサ アヤイコビンビアマビンビヤラフカコ
Inbo Iyabuturukida Iyabutuka Pamuchanga Owa Womba Kuati Wakumbadi Iyabemba
Mokashana adipantem bayakwe.
Thank you for your attention and see you next time.
Tali inzalu ishi kalamba isho bakobeke kumu kobeko.
Emi moni kede yansad, wide moni kakuwati isyaba na maayi.
Thank you for watching and have a nice day!
Mom, I'm so glad you changed my pants.
I am Monica Ninsan Sanganshi, Pakubombo, Yomulimu.
Add it there and then copy and copy and paste it to your name.
Now I'm going to show you how to make a simple and easy recipe
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
Yes, I understand. It's very cool to be able to talk to you. I'm very happy to be able to talk to you. I'm very happy to be able to talk to you.

I'll see you later, and I'll see you in the next video.
Kabedi umuadi, mudi ulubuto, uluwa kirei langi dia machungwa machungwa.
Muku moneka ari shibisha ukurisha banjo.
Nadimo, could you now want to have a lehmutamba? Nelio, I'll let you look at Moffy.
Now I'm going to cut the lemon into small pieces and put them in the blender.
If you're feeling bad, but if you're sick, you're fitter, and you're healthy, and you're healthy.
Umukashana alerisetsi dimba.
I'm going to show you how to do it in the video, but I'm going to show you how to do it in real life.
Omoanakashi, nae minina ukuwaledisha banjo.
I want to one a very cool number of emba now. We mean a paribba emba pari nama bimbi
Pali Awaa Wantu, Pali Namaayo Umo, Umi Kasana, Wastata Wabidi, Nomuru Mendo Umo. Namaayo, Nalu Resana Kuku Sokwakwe, Paanshi.
was started by Fiela Mokaputulaeha Pusana, Pamona Banamayo, Urumendoena Afweli Itolosh.
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask me in the comments section below. Thank you so much for watching.
Inbua, eekaramba, iabutrukida, ireenda, panchita, akasuwa.
Kavili, Iroire nda na imi o kuru kumu, erio na eko nga mako.
Ero ka wiri ire nda pa fia ndi fia ka tapa ka tapa
Rimbikunna ka, nan gulia rimbi, ire fwa ya ukunuwa meishi.
Thanks for watching and I'll see you in my next video.
If you liked this video, please subscribe to my channel and give it a thumbs up.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Wuxiafenshi is so mini kuka noa
Kabirina Ikwata Noomushipi Wapamukoshi
Thank you for watching.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching this video. If you have any questions or other problems, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below. Thank you.
Hello, Kabirii. Chirikwatu, Nadiimo. Alef, Umiafimo, Pakubo Kukwakwe. Kabirii na Fuala. Nenkolo Okukubo Kukwakwe.
Thank you for watching and don't forget to like the video and subscribe to the channel.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
I am going to show you how to do it. Here is the video. I am going to show you how to do it.
Now for the next episode of Makumbi Makumbi, I'll see you tomorrow.
So, if you have any questions, please feel free to ask me.
You know my oil all day to do that. What are we time brah? I record the name. She's a study
Now, I'm going to add some water and mix it all together.
Ka'ili, palinama kapu yang biaya le moneka aya pangwa na'ama plastiki.
Ushi, nichi nishiichi, agaka moana keikeite kuma wuko ya kako.
Aka moana, aka rumendu, aka kwa tu, tu mensu, tu no no, na kemi ni na panse panishtai aka suwa.
Churchini, elio naka foa laneshi ati, dia makumbi makumbi, ilia kua ta, muma vo ko, muma vo ta.
Thank you for watching this video, I hope you enjoyed it.
Omolomendo na mkashana wali pachimuti wale isha
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
I got a lot more killer. I'll go for my upper body. Kool-Aid Moneka, England.
Valle Moneka Kwaate Feibusa
Thank you very much for watching this video, I will see you in the next one.
Thank you for watching this video.
Nafola nama jombo kumakasa.
Eru Kabiri, Uyu Umoana, Nafuala, Amma Jumbu, Eru, Alitroka, Amish.
Afarili, kuti, iwomba, kumakasa.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Ero, umo, mukamana, muri, amawe, ayakuru, saena.
Pameshi apapali amawe kumbali kumbi kuli i fiani.
I'm going down via L.A. patient. We'll let you push her in here.
Pantanshi palina omukashana u imini ineko na kubekana kachola pakubeya kwa kukuso.
Parina ichikuruwa ichikuru ichi edangiriya makumbi makumbi
A person can start a family if you call on call or if you need to come up to me
シタタナソンカマコナイカタナパカボコシ。
We are not alone. We are the people of our country. We are the people of our country. Let us all work together.
If you have any questions or other problems, please feel free to contact us.
Go share. Who you want. Finish a letter. Pack it to me. Pack it to Kusua. Move it to work. Que.
In this way, we will be able to make a difference in the lives of the people of this country. Thank you very much. Thank you.
Hey, don't forget to like this video and subscribe to our channel for more videos like this.
Umoana Kashiina Umoaumi Waliinu Umoana Umoonono
Hello, my name is Uyumwa Omeno Uyumwa Nakashi. I am from Omorali. I am here today to tell you two stories about what happened in Uganda.
This is the place where I was born. This is the place where I was born.
I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say, I don't know what to say.
I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video.
Thank you for watching.
ABA songu, ABA aiche. Wale teya umupila u itwa Bezbo.
Now, we will make the dough. We will divide the dough into two parts. One part is for the dough, the other is for the dough. We will divide the dough into two parts.
It will be written in the text above. If you are not sure, you can read the text below. If you are not sure, you can read the text below.
Okokonka, Nefio Walon, Dodoramuni, Uyumupirawa, Unfuika, Uusumaa, Sanaa.
I'm going to be checking on the steamer to see if it works.
Thank you for watching my video.
I'm going to show you how to do it in the next video.
Pantukuena, Wala and Direokuti, Dilifebuino, Abantubakacherele, Nombare, Loriaona, Ikashani.
I'm going to try to activate the power of the phone. I'm going to use the paper and the phone. And I'm going to turn on the power of the phone. And I'm going to turn on the power of the phone.
Thank you very much.
Thank you for watching.
My name is Kastata. I'm from Lungi. I was born in Luupiri. Luupiri was my mother, so I was raised in Luupiri. I was raised in Omuchanga.
Eya mune, na abam kakila intambo pakutiila imu fishepanshi, na angula imu boeshi.
Oshemone, Nishi Uyumu Lumendo, Alepho Aya Okuikira Palupili, Ukubo Onfia Ii Nenetambo, Wamukakile Mumusana.
If you fear namune, awe te kuti inchite, pantu nari kuata umu enso mune.
I am only in the body of a child who is not in the body of a child. I am only in the body of a child who is not in the body of a child.
Omolumendo alipamoluwachiwomba
Now we can amaboko panchayachi wumba, eriwa mulu, eriwa mulu.
Mumbalia kwe muli ifi kulu wa ifi tali fi bili.
Fikurwa, Filimupepi, Fia Pangirwana, Fia Bumba, Fia Makarashi.
I hope you enjoyed this video, please like and share it with your friends and family.
Now, if in Beijing to come with me, it's a long shaft, it's a mona, not a punda, a paphwiri, a papita, amen.
One of my grandfathers was born in the city of Fiacuria.
Now I'm going to show you how to create a new file with the same name as my file.
Kariakamuti, Kafwede, Kachida Ereda, Pamenshi, Ereo Numba, Yaya, Mbukasinda.
Nishitachi kati desu abimu umana.
Imbua Irimumana Naitola Nakamutimukanwa
O'Shea, I'm going to go and get some water.
In Buoyakashkilaimo, Ile enda mumenshi mumbaliyamumana naisenda nakamuti kukanwa.
I'm going to go and get some water. I'm going to go and get some water. I'm going to go and get some water.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
If we dey yachida muna kwati limbi lisabi, elio nomba yasangati chimuti.
Nadi money boy, I think one feel like a muti concept. Oh, yeah, Mona
Omoana alenda na afuala ne teoloshi diafita ne shati dia mingoloshi irikwete ama langi yabidi iriafita ne liabuta.
Thank you very much for listening to this video.
Uyu umu ana are nda pa'i nda ka suwa pa'i ndu nech ndu wa cha'a kwechiremo ne ka kabiri Pa'mushiri are nda pa'i nda utmawe utu nono
Alayamoneka, alikofye eeka uyumwana, kabidi idio alayenda, amaka sayakwe, yale shala, yale leyenga, umo alayepita.
Muka shana na ima ni na aleko paifiko pe abantu abadi panchinka.
Inchi inka abali ikobe ka nefya ku ikobe ka ifi ingi monse na mma wilo.
We will see how it goes. We will see how it goes. We will see how it goes.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
You can buy it at Pansevalli, Panthu, Kuriifi, Muti, Elokabili, Kuri and Makumbi, or Lelangiro, Kuti and Wila.
Umukashana Wimaninen Oulipanchi Inkabonse Nabamuintula
I hope you enjoyed the video. Please subscribe to my channel and like it. Thank you very much.
I will see you in the next video, until then, stay safe and don't forget to like the video and subscribe to the channel.
Finch if you invite it to the minchie.
Amenshi yalemunika ayawusakam sana.
In Boya Fita, Irimu Menchi.
Nalimo yachi amukusenda umupila uli kukanwa
Erio Mwari ni Mwitwuka. Mwitwuka warashtisha mwifitawo, ifyo fire mwoneka kono mayakwe. Erio, fire mwoneka fingi chine chine. Wushinawofi mwona.
Ah weh, shimpundu nae weh, temu lupo yu. Aka, kari tonipi aka kashika, oku aka ata pamona. Nakarimubari muminepue kosi.
NEMFEMO NABOI. KAWIKUNU MA, VADI REMBA PO, NETCHI SHI SHUCHAKUTI, VALA SHITISHA. KAINSHU HUMUN, GODEFWA MUIFITABO, KUESA FIHUMUMUINI.
You show you want to know each other, then we'll put in our each other, but I'll tell you from my own point of view, you should have a kid a perfect boy.
Awe chawama ichiupantu paa parefita, pamumanata paa ama oksanguapu uushku.
Thank you very much for watching this video. See you next time.
Now we will start to make the dough. We will start with the dough. We will start with the dough.
That's it for this video. If you liked it, don't forget to like the video and subscribe to the channel. Thank you for watching.
Don't forget to subscribe to my channel.
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions or other problems, please post them in the comments below. Thank you for watching.
Chachini, Kaviri, Ififi Womba, Fili Pantanshi, Yachi Kulwa, Ichi Kalamba, Ichi Antunti.
If you want to keep your food fresh and fresh, you can use a small bowl. If you don't have a small bowl, you can use a small bowl and if you don't have a small bowl, you can use a small bowl.
Embo Shibiri, Shire Angara, Mungfuda Yabunga.
Enno ishiin borot ishifu minen fey mutif idikun uma.
Hey, Pantui Moirikun Tanshi in Birikunoma.
I want them on a quarter shill a pepica nation boy
Uyonama ayonafuala amagalashi ayamensu.
Gunu mai iaku e kurichipuna icho wabi kirepo i fiyaku fuwala.
Kuku Boko Kwa Kuku So Nafuala Imbalaminu Nganamayo Uwa Upwa
Omokasha na naikala pachipuna ari wasekelela.
Thank you for watching and don't forget to subscribe to our channel for more videos.
Thank you very much. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
I'm Kuaibasa, and I live in Isilifo, Muchi Panidamono, Okuyachi, India.
We'll see you in the next video. Until then, take care.
Omo Anomolu Mendo, Alipamolua Chukuluwa
Now you can tell me what you are. Are you a little bit surprised? We'll see in a minute.
Now we are going to make the head of the bird and we are going to make the tail of the bird.
Boncey Abad Muru Bansaba Umeh. Ere Boncey Abad Ebutuka. Ushema Ngaro Yashani Wade Angalo.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask.
Well, I'm gonna show you how to do it, and I'm going to show you how to do it, and I'm going to show you how to do it.
Emukwain nithofine. Ishimbwa shonse shileilole shanamayo uyu.
Thank you so much for watching and see you next time.
Moshi, Alefu, Afi, Ukukous, Afi, Ichi, Wumba, Olo, Limbi, Balinokuchi, Pentaco, Pakuti, Icinga, Mónica, Koguino.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Nishivachitawinongakuchipenta, pantifcharepechibumba, chifwaikachiremonekakowino, pantu, chiriichamonekeda, puvantubonse, abarepitabomusewu.
Now I'm going to apply the glue on the back of the paper to make sure the glue doesn't stick to the paper.
Elona Omana-Ati, Tamugutile-Sana, Mudichichikuluwa, Nangumudini-Ali.
In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit, we pray that you may live long in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit.
Yes, the lemon is in the middle of the pot, before and after the lemon. I will add a lot of lemon.
Umua Umarimu Muruna e Katana Kunta Amboe a Katapa Katapa.
Kawe li ulupili lulemon eka ulutalinga enshi nalimo echo abun feishi in tanbun.
Nadi mokanshi nipa mmanalefwayo kuya.
Thank you for watching.
Oyo musebo ule moneko oka lamba, edio ule moneka ta kupite sana a bandu, ne edio ba motoka. Ero kudinami ishmaka asa yengi.
Omo Aome, Wankande Aboota, Ufweli Shati, Netolo Shifi Afita, Adimumusewo Omo Eeka.
Uyumwa umenakuba, alayishokufumyamoto kayakwe, iyakashika, iyengire mumenshimakasa ayengi.
Omupila ori wakashika.
Now, I'm going to show you how to do it.
Akatara Mukira, Kurifimuti.
Chita Taurikun Mafurechafitafititi Avikapo Netoloshidiamakumbimakumbi. Eri Chita Taurikuntanshi Avuele Ichakashkamukati Avikaponechaketapaketapakunse.
Thank you very much for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments section. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments section.
Chai chindama sana okubomba ishto ya kumubiri. Ka wiri chai chindama sana okufwala ifya kuhi chenga ilotule bom bomudimo. Bakutilata tubikilogumigwesu mubusansu.
Ababa shi tata pon sewa beri, bari pan chito. Emulanduin va foarire ifin pompo ne fia kubo mbera mu. De lo ifin pompo va foire, fi li fia pousana.
Thank you for watching and have a nice day.
Hello, Kunu Maya Mukashana Winoyo. Kulio Muntuna Umbi u Lemu Tamba.
I have two, five, and four balloons. I have five and six balloons. I will put them in a big bowl. I will put them in a big bowl. I am going to have to put them in a big bowl.
Eriwakabili, Chirengmonika Kwatiye, Alesef Yobushkuwakufialwakwakwakw.
Yawa iya fita kukanwa konse, na menso iya fiti la mukumu. Eri opali utu umabwe, epo ireenda.
Irem moneka, irem mumpanga.
Now you're going to know what I'm talking about. You're going to know what I'm talking about.
Inbuwa, ire ndira kuishi ire ayakamana, ire loosha na panxi.
I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video.
Mood Mendo, Naikala, Lady Anokunu.
I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed it too.
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please leave a like and a comment. Thank you for watching.
Now, I'm going to show you how to do it on your own. I'm going to show you how to do it on your own.
Thank you for watching, I hope you enjoyed this video, please subscribe to my channel and give it a thumbs up.
Limbiabantuba, Linoy, Umoana, Waide, Mukfaya, Imichanga, Nangu, Mukwangadi, Lafee, Mumichanga.
Umuana, Umununu, Nasunsumana, Alihangasha, Umuchanga.
We put flour on the table and we put water on the table. We put the dough on the table and we cover it. And we put it on the table to be able to cover the bottom of the pan.
Kavili Mupiopinankwe Parichinmashini Vachapiramu Ishyakufwala Wushi Mula Ndunshi Ale Monekela Nechin Suchawa Mulyuyumusangu
Thank you very much. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
And the lemon juice is very good for your health. If you don't like the sourness of the lemon, you can skip it. It's good for your health if you don't like the sourness of the lemon. If you don't like the sourness of the lemon, you can skip it.
That's all for now, I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
Hey boy, Abanak, Balonfa, Winu, Okwangala, Momensi, Omupuyilapon.
Kuntaanshiakamana, ummadi uri amawe ayakuru.
Hello, Muli Ichichima Ababa Navali Yangalilamu, Muli Amenshi Ayanonu.
Thank you very much for your attention and see you next time.
2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15.
utuba ichi utu, natubomba imishiishi, numu bidi shabu.
To buy chain with cash on and through Mendo not sank on a little trip a Kamanah
I'll let you hang out with me for a bit, and then I'll show you how it's done.
Thank you for watching. If you like this video, please give it a thumbs up and don't forget to subscribe.
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below. Thank you for watching.
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please like and subscribe. See you next time.
If you have any questions, please write them in the comments below.
Ushi uyu umu rumendo. Adpewum bada bada rumendo bada abeshilemutipanda muqrungisha amalaiti.
Omono Mendo na Fuala icha kashika ama gidasi nechimpompo ifyamakumbimakumbi
Now I'm going to show you how to make a simple and easy way to make an egg sandwich. I'm going to show you how to make a simple and easy way to make an egg sandwich.
Abari Kukuryo, Abari Anakashi, Abari Fweli Akasote Akafite, and Abari Kotechibomberi Soksindra Kwefkope, Kwenetikadamba.
Now we are going to use a paper towel to clean the edges of the paper and we are going to cut the edges of the paper to make it easier to remove the paper
Now I'm going to take a little bit of the glue and I'm going to apply it all over the surface. I'm going to apply it all over the surface.
Inbo, Ikuwete amasako ayafita, eronai nyanamatwi, ya ponyanomuchira, pakuutuka.
Thank you very much for listening to this video. If you have any questions or other problems, please post them in the comments section below.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Kunumakuri ifimuti ifingi ifiri na maruba ayakatapakatapa ichipadire impanga ikuru sana ii.
Kuti chava, chikulu achakulu ngani namo, pantu wali chikula ichikulu ngani shi. Ero kuni tani shi, kuri ichikulu wa ichi akashi ka. Na chena ichikulu.
Kumbari Yachibansakuri Nefi Bayambaya Ifingi Nakarimo Ichikuroa Chakuronga Ninamoo
Erio, it's you Muti, Chile Moneka Charlie Ponyama Mboola Yonsei. Ayachiko. Panshi Ape Kere Mbwa Imbi. Paidiba Apa Kwe Mpawinu. Uusakam.
Ichi muti ukule toroka imboa iria imbi kwaadimena nefi menwa ifya katapa katapa ifya shuunguru ka nechi muti.
Lembwa, i kalamba, i lebutuka mumpanga, naka dori mukanua.
Yembe, naba fumyentambo, epobakaka, padiwumusipi.
Elyon nává yuínká ná úmo xupé múmo koshé.
Hello, Kudiné Fimiti, Uku, Ekoire Wutukila, Naechidori Mukanua.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Imboa ileanga la pansi.
Hey, you can't just say that. You can't just say that. You can't just say that.
So, that's it. I hope you enjoyed this video.
Now we are going to cut the meat into small pieces
I want to go to my house. I want to go to my house. I want to go to my house.
Kudina maloba kuncende kule utukida akawa aka.
Imkwai, Nambaposa, Akakwangasha, Akatemwa, Imbwa, Kanshi, Echokaleo, Tukila, Akawwa.
I hope you enjoyed this video and I'll see you in the next one.
Thank you for watching the video.
Once I'm ready to go, I'm going to do my hair and then I'm going to do my hair.
Thank you very much for listening. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments.
Once in a while for life you are for life you are reaching a la come people we will be starting a Pomba Naka Salomon, Koshukui swung a come people
I'm going to finish this video here. I'm going to finish this video here. I'm going to finish this video here.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
Omoana Omoaume alimochibansa chamupila.
Arif eka chiri aletea umpira.
Nafuala ishati iliyamakumbimakumbi iliyonakaptula kama chungwa.
Kumolu na fuwa la in sapato isho isho ba te'e lamu umupila, e liyo na inso koshi ishi le pala na na ishati.
Worshe uyuine umwaume umukalamba wakuwa ta inkanda eya wuta ui minine pachi binbili. Ale monika shani.
Thank you very much for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it. See you in the next video.
Boucher! A mini n'est pas fier!
My name is Kalamba, I live in Kandeya Vota, and I live in Chibumbili. I live in Pamulu, Elibwe.
Omoa omenangula omoorumendo ufwere ifia fita fititi nasoko ua fita Halipamulu wampiri ari natambalula neminue
Thank you for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it. If you have any questions, please leave a comment below. If you have any questions, please leave a comment below. Thank you very much.
Iriwe, didemoneka, idia wuungana. Ushe, alina wanaani?
So this is the end of the story. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed it. See you next time.
Wose Inchende Uyumwa Ome Umukalamba Uwakwa Tainkanda Iyawuta Alipo Ilemonekashani
Wushie imbwa, niwa nani ilinna wo kabili finshi iletchi ta?
Iinbaa irea angala paluun koto ulua katapa katapa Iinbaa irea angala paluun koto ulua katapa katapa Ero kukuso kwaeko kudinaka mu pila ka nonu Ake langi ida katapa katapa oko yachila angasya
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. Please like and subscribe. See you next time.
In this video, I'm going to show you how to make a
I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed it. And don't forget to subscribe.
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please like and subscribe. Thank you for watching. See you next time.
I'm Shishakwe, Shirei Monika, Ukuwa Ishii Ngeesana, Nishitari Shibela.
Umuana, Nelua Leibutuka, Chile Moneka Kwati, Infula Ileeluka.
My name is Mwame, I'm from Ufere, and I'm from Karuwi.
We might do more, but we have to go below. Change in what you're going to do. I'm going to come and see.
This is the end of the story. Thank you for watching. See you next time.
We are going to use the same technique for the rest of the hair.
I'm going to put a little bit of oil in the pan.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
Now follow me if you have follow if you want to be a mom
My name is Chibansa and I am the owner of Omupila.
I hope you enjoyed this video, please like, share and subscribe to my channel.
Kabili muli nu tupu na utu ingi utu wa malangi ayali kanali kana
Ngawe, te tia ingire mchiba nsa eka, na karimwari na afia shibakwe, eba mse ndereko mkutamba.
Bushom wa no yary fey eka muchi bansan.
Bushi ni kweesa ali uyumwana.
Chire Moneka, Nakani Mwoyomwana, Arekopelishiawareteyamuchivansa, Amaangadu, Ayaamusangowa Kuposa, Nukutoba Omupira.
Omoa ichi nae mi niru nae ikate ichi ringe ichi muti mu mi nuwe.
Who value a croco di cimuzzi?
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please like and subscribe.
Pakati amkoso pari akachora akafita
Women don't like our punch but
I am Moneka Uwaluwa, Muma Tonto Nkanyu.
Now, we will start to make the dough. We will start with the dough. We will start with the dough. We will start with the dough.
I'm going to show you how to make a very simple and easy recipe.
Let me add a little bit of a moon too.
And that's it for now. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments section below. And I'll see you in the next video. Bye for now!
Now I'm going to show you how to install Uisha Opsana Opsana.
Nga chin si isinbua si lechitang.
Nalimo shili nama angalo Aya kuchin siya nya muku vutukan
In bua xinne xili mucu bansam.
Now I'm going to show you how to make an easy and delicious coffee.
And on the other hand, I would like to thank all of you for your support and support. I would like to thank all of you for your support and support. Thank you very much.

Thank you very much for listening to this video. I hope you enjoyed it. See you next time.
Ah, yes, you are right. You are right, Monika. You are right, Pamo. You are right, Dembe. You are right, Bababa. You are right, Manu.
Umorumendo nemishishi afita erio nomukashana nemishishi abuturukida baremonika abaripamo vena
Umburumendo u fweide akasote akaburungana na shintirira chu umba. Edo i champipo afweide jintu cha wuta. Mwari pita ne mishirua isha fita.
Cheremonika wushku eru avantu baliku chiida. Omo omurumendo na afuada. Aka sote, aka oburungana, aka fita. Eryo na ikata aramiya kukubukoku akukuso.
Inchende ii ukuli imboa pambi padi ifyani ifyakatapa katapa pambi napo na pasibika padi fie umuchanga.
Inbuwa, ii kuru iya ii naguino, ii re butuka, na ii senda, ii chire moneka kwa ticha kwa angasha, kuka no.
That's all for now, and I'll see you in the next video. Until then, take care.
This is the end of the video, I hope you enjoyed it, if you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Kavirikun maya mwa omea fwile chanpe pocha fiti, lakudi womba na limbi awa leti e chan galo na chinbi.
Thank you for watching and have a nice day!
It took me more than a year to make this It took me more than a year to make this
Now, let's see how to make a delicious and easy recipe I have a very simple recipe for you, today I want to show you how to make an easy and delicious dish
Kono maya kwekuli ichikulu wachi awuta na mashiwi ya makumbi makumbi. Yaleti Vive Moto GP NTVE ne number la one pamuru.
Kachimpia no ama honda na imi ni na kumbadi ya honda ya kwe iya fita

Umuru Mendo, Adipari Oonda, Naimia, and Wiro Yakuntanshi.
Uyumulu Mendo, Afuela Siafia Fita, Kaili, Nawantu, Wale Mudamba.
This is the end of the video. Thank you for watching. See you next time.
Now I'm going to paint the
So, I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please subscribe and give it a thumbs up.
Uyumulu Mendo, Nafualich Sote, Ichafita, Ichimpompo, Kumutwe, Kaili Ninsapa, Toshakwe, Sharifita.
Eroquatia pariden pamaplanga ayafita.
Thank you for watching this video, if you liked it, please subscribe to my channel and give it a thumbs up.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
I hope you enjoyed this video and I'll see you in the next one.
Now we are going to take the yarn and we are going to do the same thing on the other side.
Kunumaya Kuanakuluban Tuiyu Kulichi Kuluwa Lelochipunayakelepo Chilemonikechamulupamulupa
Hey, don't forget to subscribe to our channel for more videos like this one.
Eronakabiri, chipari da kwa tsi, narimu pa refiaa deru resha, muriai na maka laasha afuiri.
I hope you enjoyed this video, please subscribe to my channel and give it a thumbs up if you liked it, and I will see you in the next one.
Hello, my name is Mbukomumulu. I am a farmer and a farmer.
Naka Fora la ilaya ilia voota erio na kaputula a kaka ta pa kaka ta pa a kaka rengwa mu amaluba erio na fora la insa patu isha voota.
You know money French and they didn't want to come we know
Akamu Aichi Akamuru Mendo na kemini na pachi hunbili chakosaa paku i mini na na kemia amaboko humuru.
Thank you so much for watching. If you liked the video, give it a thumbs up. If you didn't like the video, give it a thumbs up. If you didn't like it, give it a thumbs up.
Thank you very much for watching this video. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
My name is Kavili. I am from Katapa, Katapa. I live in Fiafita. I live in Kaponi, Sapato, and Soko.
Umuana umu-rumendo, na imi-ni-na pamuru-we-ju-we.
Mokwai, pali umuntu na posa ichi muti ichi kulu mumuela.
Thank you for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it. See you next time.
now follow if you have follow if you have a paper then the cover will be ready in the morning
Thank you for listening. I hope you enjoyed it. See you next time.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
O yuna mayo afwile itcha kufwala, itcha kumulu, itcha wuta tuu tuu.
I chich pampa, chintu chawuta, kaviri, nach kwata, ifirembo, ifia katapa katapa, edio, nefia fita.
Wuxi, finish Filippa's pamper. Go and get some water. I'll be back in a minute. Okay, see you later.
I was going to make a video, but I didn't have the time to do it, so I decided to make a video for people to watch.
When I think about it, I don't think I've ever been to a place like this.
Kunumayawo na kwi mini na awa rumendo na awa kashana.
Avalumendo varevirikishanava foranamashati ayamakumbimakumbi
Kabirin nabayi bikan entan boya kashikan mukoshi.
Kunu maya iko kuli umwa ume nakuntama.
What are you doing? Are you sick?
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
Ababa ome abali kuli iin chende na fi mashini fi kalamba i fi obabon fi epakupanga kabeli balepanga inyanji.
We are going to show you how it works. Let's see what happens.
Inchende, inchende, iyawa, mumpanga, umuawa, isi muti, isi talika, vidi, isi kalamba, isi elangi, iri akatapa, akatapa.
Kaili won 7-2 away to 1, Naba Fuala, Utuka Ptula, Utuununu.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments section below. I will try to answer them all.
Tagore Moneka in Fula, Menchifi, IRA Sansa.
So, now you can see the results. So, now you can see the results. So, now you can see the results.
Chi xin kamo aso san. E lo awaba ichi awa? No, no. Wali awa san sa muka san.
Okay, I'm going to add a little bit of water, and I'm going to add a little bit of rock salt, and I'm going to mix it all together.
That's all for now. Thank you for watching.
Abay chabatatu abasungu tabafweli ama shati.
Hey, if you follow a fairly siaku Bome Ramo, and to know about the two pompo We talk about Chinglish and chakutila It will be a riponene Elunar for an in-support oh, she has to tell amaka, say, oh, you got Chingly little
Avalumendo watatut, balewamia umusewo.
You're going to move over there. Now I'm going to follow, and I'm going to follow, and I'm going to follow.
Thank you very much.
our money Chile Monica area of map amazing apart area Africa
Chachi Ne Ichomuni Kumbari Awo Kuri Naamato Yabili Elio Nendofi
Now, for money, a real power cash on a becky the punchy or more Aleph Wala in Zapato. A real abe mini ne Bale Monika Quartey, Bale Kopoa each copy.
You can use a knife or a knife to cut the dough to make it easier to roll out the dough.
Don't worry, you're not going anywhere. You're going to see the world. That's the only thing you can do.
Chishinka, Emlanduin, Bale, Vika, Napaku, Vika, Enimbo, Intivakula, Imba, Pautila, Bale, Lelishapo.
Thank you very much, Netherlands. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask me in the comments below.
CHIMBICCHO NITEMENO GOCCHAKUCHILA ITTI SEVERE ITCHI ALLA VOI CHI SUMA KABIRI VALCHI SUGA BUINO
Washtatta wabiri? Bari pamumana. Bari oba matto.
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please like and subscribe. Thank you.
Thank you for watching and don't forget to like the video and subscribe to the channel.
No, but the matter when in anymore what you know, we're not too too. No, sir
If you liked this video, please subscribe to my channel and give it a thumbs up.
This is Kumbari Yamumana. This is Kuri Nempiri Ishtani.
Bye for now!
Hey, did you see that? That's what I'm talking about.
Good morning, I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments section.
Omo Aome, alelo le chapeu window.
That's all for now. Thank you for watching.
Kaidi na kuata na kata wo kuminu ya koe.
Elio, come on over to the kitchen and get your table ready.
Kukuli o kawakwe kuli nechola chafita.
Now follow me if you have a shirika, if you have a foala, if you have a katapa, katapa.
Then we'll go ahead and start to navigate to the next page.
Now voila, if you fall off your basilica.
Omoana alina banakulu bantu.
Namaayo umo, alina kamoana akeke elepanshi kale onta umolilo. Namaayo uyu upali ifyo aleipika pamolilo.
Now, I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it.
Nali mokolim pepo sana, emulanduba foadile ifyem pepo.
So that's all for now, thank you for watching and see you next time.
Thank you for watching and see you next time.
Kavili kuli enchen de kuli na bandu wambi Vamo valenda elio wambi na vekala
Thank you for watching, I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
Thank you for watching and don't forget to like the video and subscribe to the channel.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I hope you enjoyed the video. I hope you enjoyed the video. I hope you enjoyed the video.
My name is Ali Pamulu Wabuato.
Hello, my name is Chimocha Urungana. I am from Ntambu and I live in Menchi.
Umorumendo, nai karamchikuluwa, nomba, ari kwate emishishi, wushivuwa ikutu watemu kwata kwemishishi shamsanguwayu.
Hey, I think we should be saying goma Am I doing a career in a pangoma? I can't pack on pando. I'm a cap to like a quick It's a money cool. Bussaka. They shot it
Chishen Katate Mubefiko, Wala Mwamiya Chilabushiku, Ero Iwene, Ale Elisha Ingoma, Chilepalokutila, Aite Mwishasanokurishi.
My name is Uli Mupepinefi Mutsalenda. I am a student at the University of Kuala Lumpur. I am a student at the University of Kuala Lumpur.
Avan tu vani, apa lava o me batatu, ma omo ana kashu omo, wali kun chende i omo.
Boshye, i inchen de bariko, i de moneke shani, mui moneke le.
In Shandey, you may have a few more things to think about. Kavely, what are you thinking about?
Thank you so much for watching, I hope you enjoyed the video, see you in the next one.
Wariishi bafie kubwa ichi i fukuaba, nombu yuku mpera ya kukusu, are mounika kua titishi vefire ichitika.
Boy, Pambushite, Pabula, he have a la la. Kafile, Takasalapukafi, Engawa, Nankwe.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Inboa iretolo kapatu shinbi tutatu.
Imbua irimuchiwan sachako angari lamu yeka akasuba.
Shreemunekafunchenleili kwaadi iwala, nomba waadi sombola, eichou moaadi shala, ifisoso.
When I Chava I see my diva. They be a to name boy. Ii Lisa la caccia Mpaka yada
My name is Naira Pansi. I am a lawyer. I am a lawyer. I am a lawyer. I am a lawyer. I am a lawyer.
Chiremonika himboa irefulukuta muiroba pakwangara pantu iremonika ukusansamuka
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Thank you so much for watching. If you liked this video, please like and subscribe. If you have any questions, please leave them in the comments.
Pushe, nifenshi, ishimboa, shibiri, shirechita, kuri-i, impanga, i kalamba!
Imo, Ile Moneka Taikwete Na Maka Kuringa Na Nei Na Nkwe
In Mu'embu'a n'aba isu m'o pa m'ukoshi k'u i na'an kwe.
Elyoshili mumpanga
It is said that there is a fire here, from which I do not know.
I'm Boa Shwili, Shilai Loa.
Thank you for watching this video. If you liked it, please subscribe to my channel.
I'm all about it. She's a little ember. Yeah, but if you're Mr. Coy, I can scar it in a his mom. I can walk up a mall. I can be
I'm going to show you how to make a simple and easy recipe that you can easily make at home.
I'm going to show you how to read it.
Now I'm going to show you how to make a simple and easy recipe with a simple recipe that you can easily make at home.
Thank you very much for your attention. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you in the next one.
Apapene pancente pe me gnevash tatta, paremo nekakwati nepamu incho a kwingi gira kumun chito pa bombera.
Eye boin, umu aume kufwa ya in la la mam. Pantunga ta ufwa ilin, kutii wala la na in salaam.
Hey, what's up? I'm going to the bathroom. I'm going to the bathroom. I'm going to the bathroom.
Nafualanesha Tidiyavuta
I wish you all the best for the rest of your life.
M-Quad. Kabili Mule Moneka Kwaati Bashti Shamu Imbale.
Abakashanababilinimishistalinabafoalifiapalanifiakufoalavalinda
Hello, my name is Ishi, and this is my friend, Pushe. Would you like to have a drink with me?
Thank you for watching our video and see you next time.
Eri uchile palavari paluendo, chappamu palikundu valerea.
Akamana Kashiikariimukawatu Akamakumbimakundi
I'm gonna call you over
Aka manakashi takakua ta umenso pamumana.
Aka manakashi kare ova keka kare ova ka umu mana.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
I hope you enjoyed the video. Thank you for watching.
Aka moana kareyemone kakuwati eka kareyemokushana, mokuyina kutikaawina.
Thank you for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below. Thank you for watching.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
わしたったわびきななまあよ ウモナビミニナコンシェンデ ウクリア バントゥアベンギ
Umoshitata na afwala ifyafita, umbishitata afwile ifyakashikilako opamonanamayo.
Iwumbali awantu nga wakolonga na pamopansi chachfulu
We'll see you in the next video.
When I'm a little later a massage a yaku isa mukuwa senda
But let's change the other one to our long in the palm of my hand say
Wambi nawe minina, elo wambi nawe kalapanshi
Now we are going to fry the pepper in the same way as we did in the beginning of the video.
Thank you for watching.
Bonsoir, everybody. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you next time.
This is the end of the story, I hope you enjoyed it.
Yeah, it's been a long time since I've been here. I haven't been here in a long time, I haven't been here in a long time.
This is how the baby was born. The baby was born when the baby was born.
Muchi negutua tifi ewa ishibe ukua lika kopa. Idi oba viye balo leshi e kumbali.
This is the first time I have seen a fish like this in my life. I am going to try to catch it and see how it is.
If you have any questions or other problems, please post them in the comments section below.
Thank you very much. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them.
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you in the next video.
Thank you. I hope you enjoyed this video. Please subscribe to my channel. I hope you enjoyed this video.
I don't know why you didn't let me do it. I don't know why you didn't tell me. I don't know why you didn't tell me.
HHKOPPE CHIRE TURANGIRI LA PARIMOTOKKA I KALAMBA KAVIA MATAI LA AYA KULU KAI MURIMOTOKKA MURINAA BANTU USHINA UMUNO NINI LA PARIMOTOKKA YO
Nimbona, pamuluwa motoka, pariomukashana, erioyomukashana, nai katakutishimbi, pakutila, taponene, nangurokuflamuka, nokuikontolomukoshi.
Inchende Bariko, Elie Moneka, Kwadji, Niidia, Inchende, Ukobasungilaisi, Namaesia, Psanapsana.
Waalungika, hello to parirekwati, omukashana pamulu, aletambe fina mafinefyu, nafimusekesha.
I went in there, I'm not quite sick, I can't breathe, I'm bleeding.
Konchen doku, kuremoneka ni kumpanga.
Cha chi ine na sumina. Pan tu imbu ee. Ire moneka na ina ka.
Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next video.
Ehh, I know you, but you didn't want to care about that.
Kariri i imboa na imia umutira wa oko pakubutoka
Kumbari amsebo ukoli imboa, koli ifyani ifyakatapa katapa.
Ii imbua na aya sama kukanua, kavili ire mone kakua ti ire wosa.
Thank you for watching and have a nice day!
It's a full of alico Chile Monica. It's a yin-ba Kabir kureen. I feel motif. Yeah, cut up a cut up a
Nipwis, how are you?
Vashkulu bantu varinna imbwa pafiani.
Bari kuchiwan sachako angari lako.
This is the first time I've been to a place like this in Bangalore. It's a beautiful place with a beautiful view.
If you have any questions, please write them in the comments below and I will try to answer them as soon as possible.
Thank you for watching. If you enjoyed this video, please subscribe to my channel and give it a thumbs up. Also, don't forget to click the bell icon to get notified when I upload a new video.
I thought she pushed all she's to my son. I'm a song while if I am by to look at a cat I come to a mission. I'm a somebody show color on farmer can be sure I'll quit. I'm going to go to school. I'm going to go to the car. I'm going to go to the car. I'm going to go to the car.
My name is Elipantan. Thank you very much for listening to this video. I hope you enjoyed it.
Inboe ya mito mito, ile utukolu vilo muchi bansi cha malova.
I'm going to go to the hospital. I'm going to get the doctor and the doctor will tell me what to do.
Thank you for watching.
My name is Monika Kofi Amulu.
Yafi'i de mangalo ayaya ku'utusha imbuwa muchiwansa. Elo i'i imbuwa ile moneka ikulu sana.
I'm going to be there in a moment. I'm going to be there in a moment. I'm going to be there in a moment.
She feel it. She was she love. We took a son up and to if he didn't want to carry He repented. She didn't want to cut tonight. We took a son and a partnership. I didn't be kind of in Beca
Thank you for watching. If you liked this video, please give it a thumbs up and share it with your friends and family.
Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you next time.
Numbah, Chiripa la kua chapa, te banga nnda pamiyakwe. Mamolandua kutila, na kua te fiwore fiwave kirefwe. Aretu shiapofi abushina umona.
We start our watch colochie. Now, I got a patchy cool watchy more. Kabirie, now for the ishwakw fala. Ishwati da fita. El afwika po. Netoloshi. Ida katapa katapa.
My name is Mona. I was born and raised in Kuala Lumpur. I was born and raised in Kuala Lumpur.
If you like this video, please subscribe to my channel and give it a thumbs up.
If you have any questions or other problems, please post them in the comments section below.
Ushi uyu shkruvantu ari ori laba naani panchen dee iii.
Thank you for watching and see you next time.
I am very happy to be here with you today. I am very happy to be here with you today.
You know, I'm a little bit sorry, and you're a little bit punch time. Oh, yeah
My name is Nibali Awali Sheffi Limba Mbali Amusebo. Today's video ends here. Thank you for watching.
Wusheninshu yuumwaume, ewa leilisi shaa no ku imbila eka fie.
Vosshe Uyuyinne Mulumendo Arimuituka. Ale Monekashaani.
O yo mulu mendo, ale moneko omu tuntunshi. Ali kwa tomu shishu utari. Elyo no omu no ukuru. Kaviri u utari.
O yo murumendo, ua buu tenkanda, uu liu mui tuka, ale tse tse tefipe i yo talashita.
Wushenifi inshi ifyo uyu murumendo ali muitu oka arechita pali iin shita.
Today, I am going to show you how to do it. I am going to show you how to do it.
The man in the pan then she had school or each kalamba
When the dough is ready, cover it with plastic wrap and let it rest in the fridge for at least 1 hour.
For more information, visit our website at www.mooji.org
Pamulu White School, Waunapaka, Nelaiti
Imbuaya tolila umuana ichirubi.
I didn't know what to do because I didn't know what to do, so I didn't know what to do.
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video.
So enough if you buy the menu I have any
Chiremonika Chonoguro, Eryo Konumayakue Omurumendo, Kuri Ichinbayambaya, Nechiko Uruwa, Ichitari.
Kuti chaba ti, tamu eneke sha, nombe chilepap sha, chakutila ti, tarietina, ukutila, kutiyapona, paksherila.
I'm going to show you how to make an amakadashi with menso and umorumendo. I'm going to show you how to make an amakadashi with menso and umorumendo.
Edio Kunu maya chuku uruwa, itch tady, kudene fiumuti, if it tady, kaputula afuede, ya katapa katapa ye na.
Nainauini ayamuru ndeamunna. Leelo ii ifuile mousakutta ii karapu avantu avengi.
Thank you very much for watching and have a nice day.
Then mona namo liyabili achi ka shayana pati kuluwa. Ifu leninga nda uyu mwa ichi, ayi ka la po.
Aka muana aka ume na aka fula isha ti na ake makana.
I am going to modify the machine to make it easier to move the paper. I am going to cut the paper to make it easier to move.
If you want to learn more, go to www.mooji.org
Omoni Mchikuluwafi Nombetchikulu Chakaena Tachishibeke Gachikulu Chamsangonshi Eriomkatimwa Chikuluwamwini Mulimiamfuli Isyotavesele Isyingi
Thank you very much. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments section below. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments section below. Thank you very much.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and don't forget to give it a thumbs up and subscribe to our channel for more videos like this.
I am looking for a place to live, but I can't find one.
Yeah, I'm going to sleep. I'm going to have a coffee and then I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to sleep now.
Awe Kusuma, Kulemonika Ubusakasana, Ereba Shkuruvantu, Nawa Fuala Nechi Sote.
Shikuluwantu are anga la kuipaka pamo nembu e awkwe.
If you have any questions or other problems, please post them in the comment section below.
I am I am I am I am
Thank you for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it.
Thank you for watching and have a nice day.
Now, I'm going to add a little bit of kashka and a little bit of shirafita so that it doesn't stick to the bottom of the pan.
Luwari Lombi, Kurina Maa Yowayinowu Ikelemuchipuna, owner of Chisanashikurubantu.
The man who was in Sumakabili's bag was called Veka. Mumukoshi was in Wuta's bag, Tutu. Kukanwa was in Wuta's bag. Gataloesha Kumolu was in Wuta's bag.
Eeeee! Na ee meena! Kun se ee linga!
This is a very meaningful video and I hope you enjoyed it.
Elio Twingy Otushimbi Yattoloka
I'm Boah, and I'll talk to you soon, bye.
He has a son named Fulani. He is the son of the governor's son. He has a son named Monika. Monika is the daughter of the governor. Monika is the daughter of the governor. Monika is the daughter of the governor.
Nimbona, Naiton Tamenso, Okoile Wutukila, Kainaya Asamakanwa, Kavili, Iletoloka, Imilandoshova, Wikile, Ishova Penta.
Thank you for watching the video. Please subscribe to the channel.
Thank you very much. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments below. I hope you enjoyed this video.
Umolumendo, Naikalapamupando, Elonatambalalanamo, Lualelandapalilamiya
Alimoneka fe'uwan san sasa'an na'na'vi kana'a molu pa'a molu pa'a chishinbi.
Hello, my name is Winoy, and I'm going to show you how to do it in the next video. I'm going to show you how to do it in the next video. I'm going to show you how to do it.
Thank you very, very much. I can see that you are very happy.
Abana, Navekala, Panchi, Bambi, Valeria, Bambi Navo, Bekelefi.
Ea mune. Ere o ava vana varipari incende, von se va fishi.
Awe mune, ukurin nga nanemi mune kele yabo te kuskuru bali, na karimu ni kunche nde idea posungi ramu aba nabanshi yuwa.
Bushi awa awana. Nikuskuru wali ayimuni.
E lo eke lefi, no mucisi wakwe na'u vuta ku'i lova.
I love how it is a little bit more like a little bit of water.
Ehh, I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about.
This is the color I am going to use to make the shirt.
I'm washing tattoo Ishi kulu sana shibiri Ne i nono kopa nono imo Shidi mompanga
Thank you for watching this video. If you like this video, please subscribe to my channel. If you like this video, please subscribe to my channel. If you like this video, please subscribe to my channel. Thank you.
Thank you for watching this video. See you next time.
Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. I'm not going to tell you how I got here, I'm going to tell you how I got here.
Boshetiremonekefioufinshifintouinbouashitatou, shirechitapariiinshita.
BUSHE ISHIMBUA SHITATU ISHIDI MUMPANGA ISHIDI ELUILA ISHIA KURIA ISHIDI MUNEKASHANI
This is the end of the video. I hope you enjoyed it. If you did, please subscribe to my channel. Thank you for watching. See you in the next video. Bye.
Thank you very much for watching this video.
Shireen no muntu na ngula a bantu bantu na skwata isa kwangasa iso shiree luila.
Hello, Balemunekana Bantu Bambi Abale Yendela.
Thank you very much for watching this video.
Thank you for watching, I hope you enjoyed this video, see you in the next one.
Inchende, Apali Aba Abantu, iti kua Tili schoolu.
They went to the village of Runkoto. See you next week. Goodbye and good night.
Thank you very much. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask me in the comments.
Ababa Kashana, today I'm going to show you how to play school in Kalamba.
Thank you very much. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you in the next video.
Now, I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to sleep now. See you tomorrow. Good night.
When a court in a N.A.A. For a young to look at Come on a fear if you're a semi Akamu Pira Kari Kama Chungwa Nemeshi Isha Makumbi Makumbi
Thank you for watching.
It is important to have a good sense of smell. The smell is very important. When the smell is very important, it is important to have a good sense of smell. So, it is important to smell good.
He was taken to another hospital. The doctor said he had been diagnosed with a heart attack. The doctor said the patient should be treated first. The doctor said he should be treated next.
I'm going to show you how to make a
Thank you for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it. See you in the next video.
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. I'll see you in the next video.
Imbua imbi idi panishi na isu nsumana. Kuatina kadimo, ileruli laka biya nga kafirua kuka suma, na iye na, ika toro kere.
Hey, are you a guard? You're not supposed to be here. What are you doing?
Sanofi, Eryonaka, Sekirida
If you don't want to go outside, go to the beach, go to the water, go to the beach, and if you don't want to go outside, go to the beach, go to the beach.
Moana, alé peruka.
It's a cup. It's a little angry watch a itch. Oh, I think we're Muka Shana I've no idea. Oh more Mendo. I don't want to go home. I'm going to let you in a chinny chinny. We shouldn't want to come into the car
Hello, my friend. I'm here in Peluma. I'm going to show you a lot of places before I leave. I'm going to show you the most beautiful places in the world.
Thank you for watching.
What are you doing here? What are you doing here? Ah, a woman named Chine Chine. I'm going to take you to a place called West Chocoa. I'm going to take you to Chine Chine. I'm going to take you to a place called West Chocoa.
Thank you for watching this video. If you like this video, please give it a thumbs up. If you don't like this video, please give it a thumbs up. If you don't like this video, please give it a thumbs up. And don't forget to subscribe to my channel.
Then we will go to the bus station. Then we will go to the bus station. Then we will go to the bus station.
Let's see what happens if we use D2KM.
the never let me spell it you. [?]. ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
Shitata Aleppidewula Otunama Otunono Uto Vachomekako Utumut.
In Bua, it is much better than in Angara.
Thank you for watching and don't forget to like the video and subscribe to the channel.
If you don't have a lot of money, you can't afford to buy a house. If you don't have money, you can't afford to buy a house.
Hello, my friends. Today, I'm going to show you how to make the most of your time. I'm going to show you how to make the most of your time.
My name is Nomuchila Uwamasako Ayeengisana. I was born and raised in Konuma. I was born and raised in Okuti, Iripakutoloka.
Thank you for watching.
Ile moneka hiripa o ka tolua kela ike e ka te na kanua.
Iremu neka i rina vene avare i posira. Cifu i re vare i funda i fia kutulu ka.
Inbuwa iri palu nkoto na waiposila akantu ireluleja mumuru
Thank you for watching. If you liked this video, please subscribe to our channel and give us a thumbs up.
No, I'm not going to be a shaman. I'm going to be a shaman after school. Hmm, but I'm going to be a shaman after school. Heh, heh, heh.
In Buona, Nafwala Kaputula, Eru Aby Kapo, Naka Shataka, Utu Rukila, Muapitena, Takashika, Kwinabi Kapo, Naka Soti, Akafita, Nalolisha Konakumbari.
Because someone here, have a job to change their life, have a job to change their life, then when they come back, they will be in the way, they will be in the way.
Awana Wale Enda Patufiani
Unumayaba na kulemonika inga ndani simaruwa ifikulu isya katapa katapa.
Now we are going to cut it into small pieces
Thank you for watching. See you soon.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Ushay aba anaba, badi febe eka nangula badi naba kadamba.
Aba nababai nabafia shubabu abadimumanda.
Abaana Abaanoonova Tatu Baleo Tukapafian Fiakatapakatapa Nensansa
Thank you very much for your attention. We hope that you will continue to support us. Thank you very much for your attention.
So what do you think? Let me know in the comments
Inchinga, Yelangiriyakashika.
Nafuala ne if ya kufuala, if ya kuchofela mwenchinga.
Omona mayu na eekara. Eryo oombi na eemini na. Ujabu lendo wakui sabato liri.
Ba na ma yo ba bidi, ba di panchen dea kulo lele la pua ma sacha.
Omoviena, onashin tana monshiku. Rinvia mafia ea mugu i karu ea mpeze shia manu.
But we should get you back from a conchito and we'll be able to get you back. We'll be able to get you back from a conchito and we'll be able to get you back from a conchito.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Oumulu Mendo Aleyanga Lila Pali Ichi Bumba Ichi Aguta
When you're mending, you're going to add some water. Here, I'm going to add some water.
I will see you in the next video.
In Amaheo Aristecha, in Fungo, Panseaticuro.
Now I'm going to use a knife to cut off the ends of the bread.
Thank you for watching. If you liked this video, please subscribe to my channel. See you in the next video.
I don't know what to do with this. I don't know what to do with this.
Avaletia wambi wankanda iafita wambi iabota. Kabili movaletiala muri isumbu jakwengsamo omubila.
Hello, my name is Rambi and I am a child of a woman named Raffaella. I am a child of a woman named Raffaella.
Avaletea, Vajamchivansa, Vambivafuere, Amashati, Yamutuntula, Namakaputula, Yafita.
Muchi Bansa, Omo Batera, Omo Pila, Waku Molu, Moli, Iwo Mbaya Bantu, Abenki.
Nivana Nivambi Abo Alinawo
In the last video, I showed you how to make the most of your free time. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments.
Kunu maya ku kurya bantu awe kele, ele wa mua na wale dah na kamoana.
Iyo aletolokafyomuineeka mumbali yachipuna
I hope you enjoyed this video and I'll see you in the next one.
That's all for now and I'll see you in the next video.
Let me know what you think about it in the comment section below.
Umurumendo, Aleyangaro, Buangaro, Wakushirela.
Anabwafia, Abaychabwa, Tabonfwa, Keenaparapeeni, Kareepamonapepi.
Iwewoi, no mba taka itchenia kamo itchaaka, palemunika apatadi sana epokare tombokela.
Now, I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it.
Eh, kudimpili shikulu. Chakupapushafi echo bengasadila iinchen dengokwa kusefesha. Pantutakulemoneka ukusangwa nangu ukwikala awantu.
Ero na i nchen de dekka lako iremo leka ian pirisana nefimuchi.
Nakalimolimbi Awa Bantu Walitemuwa Inchende Isyattaralila
Okokonchende kuli abantu abale panga utusela utwakusang samusha bantu.
Kaviri Umbina Tangira Umbi Alipanumayakwe Na Umbi Alikunumayamnangwe
Thank you so much for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it. I'll see you in the next video. Bye!
Abalomendo, abalé butucabón, simón péndua, vallibá tatú.
Abba Lomendo, Abba Songu, Bale Butuka, Moon Sebo.
I'm going to do a tattoo. I'm going to put on some makeup. And then I'm going to put on some makeup.
Hello Mumbally, Mullinay Wumbaya 12, Abalei Damba, Ububangalo, Uwaitwati, Basketball Mkuai.
This is the final result of our experiment. Now let's start the experiment.
Thank you for watching this video.
Bushi ni chinshi ale monekira uwan san san.
Uyumwaume a fule ishati iliyamutuntula. Elyonaba lemba ponen pendwa ikumina iwidi.
Umulumendo Ali Uwasa Nsamuka, Elyonapenta Napamatogwu.
Omoa ome oafita nae kata omo pila kuminoe.
Awa ume wabidi, wade enja utumiti, utwa kuwata if shunguru kapanshi, mumusewo, wambina weminina wade tambaba nabo.
Paparumendo, Konuma, Kumo, Nashiintiridam, Kuntangbo, Eryoumbi, Ekeitekofie, Nokubokon, Kumo. Ukakukuso.
kumbari yamuse wo kuri abaru mendo, batatu, nabemini na, chupari rebe na, nabaru sakari, baretamba, abanabo.
kumbadi yamusebo kudemuneka kuawa impanga wadibika nenitambo fiyaputula omusebo nenpanga
Now, I'm going to make a smoothie and I'm going to mix it all together.
Finshawa nawa nono, paletita pakatika malowa.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
If you like this video, please subscribe to my channel and give it a thumbs up.
Now I'm going to show you how to make Maloba and I'm going to show you how to make it.
Hey, hey, you're not going to get away with this. You're going to have to go to the hospital.
Now we will start to make the dough. We will start with the dough. Then we will add the flour. Then we will add the flour. Then we will add the flour.
I'm going to feed her, and then I'm going to come and mow the lawn.
Uyumolumendo, aline nchinga yakue, elo ale itoloshapachipulanga, ichile monekecha wuta.
Awekwena mukumonakwanduyumonme alemonekachidinamaka elokaviditalanaka
Wuxiakwe Naremone Kakwati Nana Kanganshi Pantuinjinga Ilanasha Okwichofa
Hello, my name is Chachi. Hello, my name is Winoyu. Thank you for watching. Don't forget to subscribe to my channel.
Have a wonderful video, and have a great time in Pandora's Garden.
30 years per samba.
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, please leave a comment.
Namaayo na asame na paku boku kwa kwa shitaata pachipuna
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. Don't forget to like and subscribe.
Now you can see the
Now, I will start making the filling. First, I will make the sauce. Then, I will add the onion, garlic and ginger. Then, I will add the garlic and ginger. Then, I will add the garlic and ginger. Then, I will add the garlic and ginger.
Umua umena umua itche bali umu chibansa.
Because someone, I like to know what I'm going to do. It's what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to do.
Thank you for watching and see you next time.
Now remove the foil from the bottom of the pan.
E lo omo omena senda mapanshi kabili na chinga i chinso chaakui.
Yey! Ganyu yu ripanji nati nechi nechi necha kutila Na vika konama wokupakutila Uyumunangue emuponena
The the the the the the the the
I am a witness. I am a witness to the fact that I am a witness for the people of Bangar. I am a witness to the fact that I am a witness for the people of Bangar.
Umuai chenai manamabokomuru.
Wafuma kuma wumba yabili ayab sana.
Now that we are done, we can move on to the next step, which is to make a ball out of the dough.
I don't know if this is good or bad. I don't know if it's good or bad.
Who she I am a bomb about the moon. She I'm uno Charlo
Ufwede ifyabuta eukwete umupida eriyo eureisunka nomunangkwe
Aba, nivachangara vamupira wakumuru.
Awaa ume, awa kalam bababiri, wade tia omupirawa kumoru.
I think I'm going to sleep now
Mumusebo umu nimuchi sankanu.
My name is Amanda.
KUNNUMAYABASHKURU KURI IVUMBARIYABANTU
It'll pass by in 3, 2, 1, go!
Alayamoneka alatoloka ififine ilingi alibelela.
And that's it, I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
I didn't want to come in sansa
Thank you very much for watching this video.
Come on, come on, make a deal.
Thank you very much. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Thank you for watching this video, I hope you enjoyed it.
This is the end of the video. Thank you for watching. See you next time.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below. Thank you.
What are you talking about? I don't want to talk to you. I don't want to talk to you.
Uyuu umwa itche afuele isyati irikwete irangi liyamuchungwa machungwa na kaputula akakashika.
Uyu umo aiche ale yangadida munganda kabili utu ale yangasha tumo tuamu tuntula ele tumbi tuntutua fita.
Wushe, Pali if you have a layer, say Fia.
Thank you for watching. Please like, share and subscribe to our channel.
Wushawa Bantu. Fin shi ba lech ta?
I want what I do now. I mean, I probably have a more watch colosie. I want a kashi. I love a video. I love men do
When a chili quality well as a fear into Englishy pantoona. What a few pump. I've quite a machine I am to Englishy
Thank you for watching this video.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
That's it for this video, I hope you enjoyed it, and I'll see you in the next one.
Now we are going to add the butter to the pan and we are going to cook it for a few minutes until the butter is completely melted.
Uyukapokola, demonarisha, ukwashafwaka, pakutii, apepe.
Panchen de kapokola o yomuru mendo, epo e mi nini. Padefikulu eftari, ifya pala mayanda.
Now we are going to make the fillet of the fish.
And now, I'm going to show you how to make an easy and simple recipe.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
Thank you for watching my video.
Now we are going to make the fish pita bread. I will show how to make this bread using the same method that I used in the previous video. So you can see the video and also the recipe for the bread. So here we have a very simple bread with the bread, the bread, the bread and the bread. Let's start. We start by putting a little salt in the flour and then we add the flour and then we add the flour and then we add the flour and then we add the flour and
Wushe! Fin she wale chita panze u wushe koo!
Pali Ababa Lumendo Bavidi, Urikuku So Mwipi, Edeo Urikuku Rio Mutadipo, Kavidi Nako Bekane Chola Pakubea.
Thank you for watching and see you next time.
I'm Biku Kumana Kowaburo Kuishiwa, and I'll see you in the next video.
Wonsewa wirinawa foala ifyampepo, ify sote, nefyak foala ifyafi tulu kila.
Have a wonderful day, have a good day, and have a nice day.
Kabili konu maya kwekuli na omusebu wa kupitako
Kapi inga, ire moneka ia funda buino sana.
Omoe che nae mini naa akan se ne e meku mulu.
It's full of chances to reach up soccer free label at one million say
Alayamonaka kwaatsi naa posa saa naa manu, kufi o alaychita, kabilin chende, ilayamonaka nechikope apalya baome naa wanakashi, ichiwa kubeke pachibumba.
If you like this recipe, don't forget to give it a thumbs up and subscribe to my channel for more delicious recipes like this.
Wushe, alay woneka atifinsh alay chita umwa umi uwa nkanda yawuta ufo ele ichi sote che edangira maku umi maku umi kumutu e.
Diena na kontamina na panshi. Chipadi dekwa tspadi a fialeru e deshapadi lamia e aqui.
Now we will start the process of making the dough. First, we will make the dough. We will start by making the dough.
Now we are ready to serve. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please give it a thumbs up and subscribe to my channel. See you in the next video.
Muchi koloachimo, muribumba riabantua bengi, apariaba lumendo, eronaba kashana.
Elio Cabili, Chile Monekakuati, Nipahistah, Yawushiku. No Mbabushi. Fin shibalechita.
Wuxi, if you see a lechita, will you want to put it by me and see?
The world is not the same as it used to be. That's why it's called Mokuku.
Thank you for watching and see you next time.
O yo mokoko, na o kulisha. Bushe o monto tanuine.
Iyomuni. Uyomuntu. Aleemunika. Untuwakanshiwa. Mukusola imikuku.
Kuti Awa, Nari Angara, Amangaro, Yakumenshi
Thank you for watching. See you next time. Goodbye.
Kumbari yami shi kuremon kakuwati nari mo kuryu monto omo
Amenshi naa eemamu muru. Eryo kumbari kwa tsi na di moni mfura.
We're gonna wanna follow each other to the afita
Kumbari na aba chingirika kunama puranga a povemini ne.
Na winga na fuwala ninde deshi apa winga ia wuta.
She winga na na winga valeo pa na na vega tani ruba
Amasa kayakabwa na asakalala, orio amasa koyamu mutwe na iemanamumuru.
Omonto are monika kofiokuboko eronokulu.
Thank you for your attention.
Akabwa akabara lafita erio akabuta
Pansi, pariammon ekei cimuti namma vura aengi.
Gabidi, panzorokotopadinenzaruytadi, ifuireyakufimbapu.
You can use a knife or a knife to cut the meat into small pieces, or you can use a knife to cut the meat into small pieces.
If we're in Ghana, we're alive in Berkshire, pan-Solokotu.
Even by having to lower the share, if you couldn't times you have.
I don't know if I can go back to the fish. I don't know if I can go back to the fish. I don't know if I can go back to the fish.
Go home and I'll show you what I can do. I'll show you what I can do.
May God bless you and your children. May you always be well. May you be blessed. May your children always be well.
Hello, you more men are falling. She did a bullet and it all Syria Macombi Macombi
Thank you very much. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed it. See you in the next video.
I am using a knife to cut the meat. I am using a knife to cut off the meat. I am using a knife to cut the meat.
Now, I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it.
Thank you very much for watching this video. See you next time.
Wuxi o yomu lumendo nabashi kulu bantu, fenshi bafuele.
Umurumendo, Naikatakuchela, Ichikwetentuntishine, Naimyakonokulukwakukuso
Thank you for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it.
I hope you enjoyed this video, please like and share it with your friends, and subscribe to my channel.
Thank you for watching and don't forget to like the video and subscribe to the channel.
Have a nice day and have a nice day.
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please give it a thumbs up and don't forget to subscribe for more videos like this.
Abakashana wabili nomu aume umu na vekala. Umu umu kashana na ikata ilkomaki kuminui. Elu umbi umu kashana nomu aume wale belenga muibukun.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Ava, Chipalirewa and Ava Skulu, Kuma Sambirulu, Aya Kalamba, Wale Moneka, Wale Mumu Putulu.
Finish what I did up over me, me and you.
Oli kukulio natambalikana amolu yaakui.
Avantuva tatu na veminina.
Vali na utubo to'olo kuminui.
Sheremoneka Armacampani, Yareleta, Ithiko, Ithiamuera and Ithiapanishi
Thank you for watching.
Kulemonika Nakutelala won't say nothing for other ifyian people.
Churching is a very important part of our lives.
Umurumendo naikara panginga eronai kata no kubokoku mo
Umorumendo umo are chofa in Jing.
Hello Panshi, Parisian.
In Shinga no Murumendu, Wadi Mumuera
And that's it, thank you very much, God bless you.
Elyo ale moneka kachulu ale tulu ka nenjinga.
Aley monica, aley pangapo is into, is ya kung fu isa a bantu winu garimu muru.
Hello, Kumulu. Good evening, Dama.
Thank you very much. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section.
Kunumayakokuli itchakwingxamo itchowawomfyapokutila vengachinfya awowaleteyanawo itchangalojahoki.
Alay shok chinga. Pakuti abo balay chinfi anya nabo Bekwan shok ingisha mu isumbu.
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you like my video, please subscribe to my channel, and don't forget to click the bell icon to get notified of my next video.
This is the end of the video, please subscribe to my channel.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comment section below. This is Kele and Papa Nook Papa, and I'll see you next time.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
I hope you enjoyed this video. Please like and subscribe.

And so now I'm going to show you how to do it in a simple way.
Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you next time.
Hello Kumpela, I am Omana Kulia, Kulia Moneka Kulifi Kuluwa.
Now we are going to cut the lemon into small pieces and put them in the blender.
Hello, Bonzena, Bafualo, Tuzote, Nave, Kata, Nengoma, Kuminuecha, Kulisha.
Kabirikumbari ababantu, kudino mumanure moneko wa makumbi makumbi.
Thank you for watching and have a nice day!
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Kunu maya wo kule moneke chukuru wa ichi le moneke nge nga nda umu ba fumini.
Abana nabawishi balayangala.
That is why I am so happy that I have the opportunity to speak with you today. I am so happy that I have the opportunity to speak with you today.
I live here in Eka, Kabirikomutwekwakwe, Kodija, Iaakonwinamu.
Naka Punda, Mumusowa, Kaleelira Sanafi, Kavirinake Emeano, Kubokokumomumuru, Erio, Nakekata Mupepi, Sana, Napamenseo, Yaakue.
Wushe, alina ba'a na'ni?
Aka moana moana kashi, aka fwede, ichi kwe sa ninsoko shabuta, na aka lala panchi, kabidi, na aka saa lala.
Umuana umuana kashi, nā lā lā pā'an kashi.
Wushu, Nisha, let's tap and see.
If you have any questions or other problems, please post them in the comment section below.
Alipanxialelila cavirina fulua.
Thank you for watching this video, I hope you enjoyed it.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and don't forget to click the like button and share this video with your friends and family.
Sitata arewea imiefunaka machini.
Avalumena o abatiwissakamana mukashowandi na ayamukoveya apapene.
In Buoyikele, iri moshi muambwa i ambwa ya afita, i nipakati.
This is the end of the video. Thank you for watching. See you in the next video.
Nashi kwa danem shibi mumukoshi shon se.
Thank you for watching and I'll see you next time.
Now I'm going to add the butter and the flour. I'm going to use a little bit of butter. I'm going to add a little bit of oil. and I'm going to mix it well.
I hope you enjoyed this video and I will see you in the next one.
I hope you enjoyed this video and I'll see you in the next one.
But yeah, I'm gonna put me up a new boom, but I'm gonna finish it up with that and then I'm gonna finish it up with that.
Thank you for watching.
Nahi kwa taa naa matipa kumolu
By this time, we'll show you how to talk. Come on, let's see what you can do.
kuru lamparu ammala ruwakaena kwarifula emichanga
Inbuwa nae isulaname enso pakutoloka.
And that's it for today, and I'll see you in the next one.
and why I thought I'd get a mention.
That's all for now, I'll see you in the next video.
If you want to be successful, you need to know how to do it and how to do it.
Awe kete akasalu kuminwe, wa kumona isyo balete ya, nu kumona, avale foa ya, okuche ingesha avanago.
Umo na ikata umunankwe kuwati alefuwa ya ukumupon ya. Edo babidi wakate ya kunuma baletamba.
Now we're going to move on to the next step, which is to cut the
Thank you for watching, I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed it and see you in the next one.
Thank you for watching and don't forget to subscribe to my channel for more videos like this.
I hope you enjoyed this video, please like, share and subscribe to my channel if you haven't already.
When the water starts to boil, turn off the heat and let it simmer for a few minutes.
Ero kabidi emini ne panse, kabidi pan tan ishi akwe pali na kasi tandi.
Eryo Kaviri Uyumu Ame. Nafuara Efiakufuara Fiafita Eryo. Nama Taki Aya Wuta.
Isha talambu na po vanjo ya kulo musanguyu. Kuena cha ku papa.
Elio, Kaweeli, Areli, Shisha, Pansi, Yachiko, Uluwa.
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments section below. See you in the next video.
Please subscribe to my channel and turn on the notification bell to get notified when I upload a new video.
Now I'm going to cut the fish into small pieces and I'm going to cut the fish into small pieces to make it easier to eat
Umawme, Nasunsumana, Pamusewo, Waamane, Nikela, Panjsta, Yaka Suba, Naiteanya, Ukwangala, Ichaangalo.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
Umuanomuanakashinashibantuumababuutengkandaibadipeteewoodof
We'll see you in the next video.
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Ea mkwai, inchinganayo na ikwata inyali, lelo tayakile sana.
It's in by and by a it's in the mukong kapano ma Natchasha, Amala iti Bushinen Chinga night quarter
Nish daya bushiku, namumbari yamusebo inya dinashaka.
Umuntu u lemone kangom wa ume, ale chofa inchinga panch taya wushiku.
Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Ababa omewabiri, ababakwa tenka ndeya owota, ababadimuuse wamanenekela, wale mune ka abatali, kabigia waina.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Worshe Ababa, Ume Wabiya Baku, Ata Inka, Andaiya Abutabali, Mumusebo, Wamanene Kelaabali, Moneka Shani.
Panshi pali umu lumendo ufu keme konai kakanechintu, icho akakashana kale pantamu.
Omoana moana kashi ali nomu lumende omu putule wakutuku shamo omu wili.
Mumuputure Murifie Amalangia Makumbi Makumbi Edyona Eya Muropa Muropa
If you have any questions, please write them in the comments and I will try to answer as soon as possible.
Umuanamuanakashi alesanbili da itiakutukushomubili muchangalo chakaratim.
Mulu e u i ne muku tule, Mulu a bantu bambi, a bale tamba.
Konu Makudi Chidubi Chafura Ishyati
Kabili kunu makuli na bantu baletamba.
Thank you for watching.
It's time to go to sleep, I'm going to sleep.
Mom, you men don't have to worry about that.
I hope you enjoyed this video, please like it and share it with your friends.
Thank you for watching and don't forget to like this video and subscribe to my channel.
Ababantu babidi barerangasye uttu fondi kubantu
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
Thank you for watching, please like, share and subscribe to my channel.
A bantu a bengi nabaxin guluka kair balei damba.
When a courage is full of Korea, and to our energy, number of she, and the number of the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the
Thank you for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed it.
Bushi changa do cham sango shani chwa lech taba
Inchende, na ishinguru konifkuru tantunti, ifitari, kabiri, pamushiri, paripangiru robu inu na mani enekela, lirupanshi apawalumendu bareshan ina na banshika pochimu itchukwe tamalangi abiri ilia fita an ilia avuta.
Thank you for watching the video. If you liked the video, please like it and subscribe to the channel.
So, Monica, I'm going to go and get some water. You guys are so cool.
Now we're following a suit. We're feeling if you're going to land a poor thing, too, if you're a man or something.
When I'm I own a be money now, but he ran the power microphone You know, but they will party. I'm a papari my people
Naka Toroka, Neywaka, Pakuchuruka, Ulusare, Uruwa Chingirida, Inchende, Kareyamu.
Usha Mukuchi Mola, Kuti Chaba, Akaka Nama, Kampanga, Naba Kapepeka, Kokaria Fumamu.
Kareto rokera munchende ida muneka ia chingiridua. E diu mwadiba i fiani i fiago mpawinu.
Akanama Kampanga Namasakoya Buturu Kira Kare Moneka Kare Butuka Pakutoloka Omusewo Chipadire Kare Fuma Mumpanga
Okushiri Kuline Fimuti, Okutari Kulina Mayanda
Shibirishintu Shafita, Eriwimuintu Yabutamasaku.
Thank you for watching. See you next time!
Thank you for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it.
That's all for now. Thank you for watching and see you next time.
Shirei Monika Shirei, Chenapa Shirei.
Imbuach tatu shiri panse paluban solukuru.
What should I do if I want to go to Havana?
Wushawa wana. Wali na wani. Kabili ni kui wali.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Thank you for watching. Please subscribe to my channel. Thank you for watching. Please subscribe to my channel. Thank you.
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you in the next one.
Well, that's it for today. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you in the next video.
Omo, momokoshi na fuwala ichi parire kuwatininko loko, wabiri na wakuwata otu pepala kuminui.
Abaandu abadiwani navemini na pamonemboa sh'tatu.
but enough for a normal in yellow we be or about a not a limbo not my limbo I have it
Number 5
Bumukashaana Oakashika, na iminina Kumbari, Yachi Bumba.
Chipari rekuwati, kuri abantu, abu adinabu, abu adimu sekeshia.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask me.
Bushi wali panga apa kutapa aminchi.
When knocked off a left hand by a commuter, and when a fish won't say, then you can be H-O-A-B-A-N-A, but they can't hear you if you call them for help or if you're bitter.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
I hope you enjoyed this video, please like, share and subscribe to my channel.
If you want to know more about me, you can find the link in the description below.
I hope you enjoyed this video, please subscribe to my channel and give it a thumbs up.
Now we are going to add the rice and cook it for a few minutes until the rice is cooked.
Don't need to be to the content. You know, don't be to that don't conquer a monomer
Thank you for watching and see you next time.
Don't forget to like this video and subscribe to our channel for more videos like this.
If you have any questions or other problems, please post them in the comment section below.
Kuli nefimuti ifiremonika akatalamukida
Eamuni, Edyo, Lumo, Urukunda, Nalupe, Lusha, Umulomo, Lulefuaia, Uksompola, Itchakulia, Kulunangui.
Cha chine itcho wa sosa mone. Elio, ishire chine. Shilepepeka imo ikuete itcha akulia.
In kunda, shiriti sanu, shavuta, shirepupuka.
Limbi kun fwafe weno uksan kwa kunchen de iyi.
Namayo, Nalala, Mudisnu, Naseke Rida.
Now, let's go to the next step. I'm going to show you how to create a new image.
Alachakupapusha limbi pali'uangalu bali'angala na'umu balinangkui.
Sitata na na mayo bekeleko na wafoale fiafi ta kumulu Lelo sitata na wafoala na makalashi yamensu
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions or other problems, please post them in the comments section below. If you have any questions or other problems, please post them in the comments section below.
And if you have any questions, please write them in the comments below.
Umbe Namayo, Nalala Panchi, Dintololishyemukachola, Kakwakafita, Nafualaninkolokoyawutakukuso.
When the water is boiling, turn off the heat and let it boil for a few minutes.
When I was a child, I used to go to school with my mother and we used to go to school together. When I was a child, I used to go to school with my mother and we used to go to school together.
Paria wakashana watatu, noma ome omo, wakashana wabirina watambala lapanshi, moalelepamala elohombi paanuma.
I want to warn you, when you are cutting the chicken, you should be careful not to cut it too much, otherwise it will be too hard to eat. So please be careful.
This is the end of the video. I hope you enjoyed it. If you have any questions, please leave a comment below. I will try to answer them. Thank you for watching. See you soon.
This is the end of the video. Thank you for watching. See you next time.
Uyumolumendo, lintu, natoluka, ale loleshamenso yakwe kuli sketibod yakwe.
Uyo umuru mendo, e pwadi, pwadi e mone kakwati, panchi, pwadi pita inyanji.
Oyo mulu mendo lintua limu mwela ta fwere nifia kui chengi li langa kutila apone
How did I get to this place?
Now we are going to mix all the ingredients together until we get a smooth paste
I hope you enjoyed this video and I will see you in the next one.
Now we are going to add the oil to the pan and we are going to cook it until the oil is hot.
Oyuwi ni umwa ana, na asamuna, na mukanua.
Omoana, Omoaume, Alewotuka.
Eemuné, Eelio, Alefua, Eana, Ukposa, Iliwu, Eelio, Akoete, Kuminui.
Cha-chini. Awe-na-na-samuna. Ka-bili-pa-li-e-fio-ale-punda.
Apo ale bombele naapafita sana.
Omoa ome, alewa miechibombe loecha kwangushe milimo.
If you think the remote could you watch your bono no fear no major touch lander. Why are you on bar?
Nafole, fiakofole, filingile, momolimoale, wumba.
Thank you for watching, I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
Thank you so much for your help. I'll see you in the next video.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
Thank you for watching and see you next time.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below. Thank you and see you next time!
When it starts to boil, turn off the heat and let it cook for a few minutes
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions or other problems, please post them in the comments below. Thank you for watching. See you next time.
I'm going to show you how to do it.
I hope you enjoyed this video, please give it a thumbs up and don't forget to subscribe to my channel for more videos like this.
In what she really should hang out
Now, I'm going to show you how to create a new arch-poster. I'm going to show you how to create a new arch-poster.
Ati ababonfi balipo balileka, so ababalifo ayabanbi.
Now we are going to cut the meat. We will use a knife to cut the meat.
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments. Thank you for watching.
In this video, I'm going to show you how to make a
Hey, don't you think it's a good idea to go to the temple and pray to the Buddha?
In Buoyabu, Tamumibele, Ili Kuntanshi, Kabili Padi Isho Ikwete, Kumi Nwifiamu Tuntula.
Umbi umuru mendo uwa kui wumba limbi ena afuere ifya kufwada, ifya wumba, ifya fita. Erio isha ati liena tiari kuwa tana ili angi, ili ama chungwa kumuru.
Umo uyo bombadimo na fwala ifya kufwala fi, ifya wuta, na kaputula aka fita, iro na ikata na aka uti, ari uma aka kuteela.
Ufwangarowu bwere mwone kokuwaka kaktangansi, edio ufwakubonfiamaka ayingingansi.
It's about such a pen to punch in a long area of water. Mombari no mooshilua o'kulu o'amu tuntula.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much for watching and see you next time.
I want to I've been given a big color. Can't say a chimpanzee. Tamba. What's in here? I'm not there. I'm not there. I'm not there. I'm not there. I'm not there
Nakarimo echo wa fuwari dan e fimponpo na fimpi i fia kufuwara, i fia kui chingirira, pa kuchefia ama sanso.
Thank you very much for your time. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments. Thank you.
My name is Moneka Ia Mwenso. I am from Panto. I was born and raised in Panto. I was born and raised in Fadashi.
Itchani chilemoneka muri na chimbi itchawuma, erio apochi perere pambire impanga, iti kuete ifimuti ifingi, ifitari erio ifiafunda na mabula ayakatapa katapa.
In Foransi, Iafita na imini na mukati muntu ikada umu wa ichingirida na amadinga ayafisi imbi nishi na ippusha mo umukoshi.
Pancepeiringa, Iryanfarashi, Pariimbwa, Iyiminine, Iyakashkira, and Ikuatanaomushpimumukoshi.
My name is Afeet and I live in Angadirapa, Matalala. I live in Aiko, Parinomupila.
We'll see you in the next video!
I'm going to show you how to make an omupirawa.
My name is Chirawambwa. I am from Kubuta.
Hello, my name is Tumabalatuabuta. I am from Kumulu.
Machungwa machungwa
I am not sure if it is the right thing to do. I am not sure if it is the right thing to do.
Chirpala nemo ishtayaka suva.
I'm going to eat a feta, and then I'm going to lie down.
Aka ka shaana aka aiche, Kadi nensansa saana, Chipadire, Kalo nfawinu, Ukwangala naka bushi.
Aka kashar naa naa kasun suma naa panchi, kapu naa minaa mumulu. Eri o kaapu ushi kee naa naa kee kaaraa, apalei mone ka nge te wulu.
Akakashana, Kaderodesha, Kapushi, Nakadimo, Kadefwaya, Ukukatomona.
Muputule Wadi, Muremonika Nimunchende Yakutusishamu, Munganda.
utubana, utusungu, tulepe luka, kufishimbi.
Eryo kamo kanakashi Kambi kaumi
Akaume kafuele ishati yamakumbimakumbi.
Chine chine, if you are so sad, elio, e potulei angali la, parine fia kwanga sha, pariapeni.
Ehehe, kwe na twa'i tche pan tu kariya kambi na kako'ata no tumawa wiru, tumbi, mumbari, ye wiru diya kunuma utuwa kwa fwirisha ko, u'u shia'i shiba uku tcho'fa pakuti epona.
Utuba ichi tubiri utubu ta inka nda turepe reira komu tanto uwa mutu ndula erio pambari pari nechipu na icha katapa katapa.
She said that she had posted a photo of herself in the photo. The photo was taken in Karimo. The photo was taken in Okupona, Kukundu, Kekete.
Erio akana kashi kafuele i fia fita, nomu shishua kako na u fita.
Akamurumendoke na karemoneka akansansa pantu na akamuintula erio kapunamika umutue kunuma.
Don't forget to like, comment, and subscribe to our channel for more videos like this.
Erio, na fwara, icha ku fwara, icha ku angadidamu
Hey, hey, Elio, what are you doing in the dark?
It's not so easy to be in the village. I can't imagine my life without my mother. I want to live in this village. I don't want to live in a village with so many people.
Wale mwoneka kwati wali watatu, elo ichi, ichi mwumana, chile mwoneka ichi kulu.
Our boy Kachepesha Kaliakanduteti Kabiyakabuatu, Limbi Chiumutifi, Elonga Walubapendababantuabariapolemonakotibaribanga.
Afuile ali siwa ukowa, elona afu alana, a kaputula, kakowela mo, a kamulopa mulopa. Nga kadiakuntans ka wato.
I can't remember what I'm going to do, so I'm going to take a look at each copy.
This is a very difficult question to answer. At the moment, Chicks and a big tree in the background are trying to find a place to hide. June, Mono Zambia.
We might now for we know how to fang a chibola each and for the air water and if you are went to laugh
Now I'm going to use a file to cut out the edges of the paper.
This is how you make a delicious kukun tukwari. I hope you like it. Don't forget to subscribe to my channel.
Thank you very much for listening. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you in the next video.
Uyumwana, uyikete snob o muminue ya kwe. Ali uwa te mwasana.

When you are at home, make sure that you have an integrated snowboard.
Come on!
Kumu putule umbi, kule moneka shita, tanay kalaku, ale moneke lafye itcha anuma.
Utukashana Tubidhi, Turimunganda, Natuimininako, Eryo, Natu Mwen Tula.
Kabili Mumuputule, Mulino Tuntu, Pakatebulu.
Don't forget to share, like and subscribe for more videos like this one.
I'm going to feed you the night when I'm on the moon
And now I'm going to show you how to make a pumpkin pie.
My name is Paluvanza and this is my home.
I am using a large bowl and a small bowl to pour the mixture. I am using a large bowl and a small bowl to pour the mixture.
That's all for now. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you in the next one.
If you have any questions or other problems, please post them in the comments section below.
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Naa chunfu i ka ukutii kwa raa raa ukutii nfiyaa nya muchuungulo, kani shiarei peka nya chiadimo.
Eh eh, oku chinsya kuala bako om chongolo e icho ale foaya akabile chalimo
Omo anakashi nai meni na muchipanda Omo batel omo pila
Thank you for watching and see you next time.
Thank you very much.
Wushe, nishi abendamini umusanguyu.
Now when the map and to Alemone can go lepecan. Yeah, I'm about to tell you what I'm going to be like
Thank you for watching and have a nice day.
Omoa Nakashi a wharepe kaputula nakekata maweli.
Cheshengasana, alashari watara la pamenso, kabirishari ne chine chine, e imboe kote la angirimorine, idereleche imboe nan kuka ina imyan matui, kuchena omona imboe aseme kuka nuan.
Alah, ififi wa fi kalamba nganshi. Eri fiari kwa temi tu e shikulu. Fiari kwa tanu tunu tu kalamba. Kumu na fepa menso, fiari wata lala sana.
In Buwasibiri, Nama Saku Oyama Bada Bada, Shiri Panchen Dib, Pade Moneka, Ika Rambanganshin.
I just got back from a trip to Rangirila. It was very cold. It was very cold. It was very cold. It was very cold. It was very cold.
In Mopadishimbuwa, Ikuwata and Masako Yabutapantanshi are still in the forest and in the forest. Iponyamatui, Niasama and Kukanwa.
Shonsen Shibiri Naishikoata Imishipi Waishikobeka Mumikoshi Imo Ikoete Umushipi Wawuta Eryo Inbi Ikoete Umushipi Wafita
Inbuwa, shire muneika, shire chena, pakwa angada. Pantu, shire muneika shonzena asha asama. Ido chupadide, shire yugosa.
Thank you for watching. If you liked the video, please subscribe to the channel. Thank you for watching. If you liked the video, please subscribe to the channel. Thank you.
When the dough is ready, you can take it out and let it rest for a while.
So that's it. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please give it a thumbs up. Thank you very much.
kuryawa kashana, awasungu, avekere pamipa endu.
Inboa, Eletroka and Chimbi, Muchi Bansa.
If you like this video, please give it a thumbs up and subscribe to my channel for more videos like this.
For my table I have some gava kashana, pari filen belo and some pepper. I am going to add some more.
I'm going to show you how to make a
This is the end of the video. Thank you for watching. If you like this video, please subscribe to my channel. Thank you.
Thank you for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments.
I'll see you in the next video.
Kulina, it's asa jamalatakunumayakwe.
Number point to our repeter, please write a comment below and let us know what you think of this video.
Ah weh, tete a poni, mon afe, ife a tunde, me ba kuchofen chinga. Nga kari a poni, ne nom ba te poni ne?
Oyo Mlumendo. Are Mlumendo. Are Mlumendo. Are Mlumendo.
Now for our next set, we're going to cut up a catapar, and then we're going to cut up a catapar.
Chachi ne, bantun chinga, nai utukisha.
Kabat bantans baka lam baba fere net finbok nutwe kabinabek ka tanomunok kuitok boliaw.
Now we will make the dough We will use a rolling pin to make the dough and we will use a rolling pin to make the dough
You can also add a little bit of water if you don't want it to stick to the bottom of the pot. You can also add a little bit of water if you don't want it to stick to the bottom of the pot.
We should know when if you're in a little bit if you're gonna catch our cool That was cool. See the qua man. Oh
Limbi ichinpompo chikulu sana, ta chilemukuanu umwa ichi. Echo chilefua ilokupona.
Nangula Wawishun. Umwaeche Nafuala Nechimpompo Chapanchinga. Natiselakwati Chili Mukupona Kumutwe.
I'm Umawme, and I'm a penjinger. Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you next time.
If you have any questions, please write them in the comments below and I will try to answer them as soon as possible.
Bon se, bare moneka hapa parana parana, kunu maya bo kurya maya anda yata tu, chifuire yamubekara.
If you call off the door, if you look on the map, if you feel a bad one, if you have a possibility, you can call them, and if you don't, you can pick them up.
And that's it for today, I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
Hey, Walungika. I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about.
Thank you for watching this video, if you liked it, please give it a thumbs up and don't forget to subscribe to our channel for more videos like this.
Hey, you know what? I'm not going to tell you anything. I'm going to go to China. I'm going to go to the Netherlands. I'm going to go to the Netherlands.
Kaili, I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
And now I'm going to be by the tear one got over baseball
Pali ababa namayo wabili, umo na afwala, icha kui chingili, shomo tue ichin pompo, elo umbi na afwala na haka sote.
Panuma Ia Awana Mayukagiri Padi Urungkoto Epo Awantubemini Ni Awadetamba
He died a very, very young age. He was around 37,000 dollars. He was a very, very young man. He was a very, very young man.
In Bona, it's your wife, Emberé. And your wife, Monsango, you have to tell her that you don't want to marry her. Because if you don't tell her, I won't let you marry her.
Hey! What are you doing here? I'm going to show you how to get rid of the evil spirits in your house.
Nafuewantulimolimonififinefye, ngataokwetefkwetemunonko kulaasosefiabi pakumbaliyakwe.
Thank you for watching and see you next time!
Now, I'm going to add some water in the middle of the pot and I'm going to cover it with a lid.
In the next video, I will be showing you how to make an easy, simple, and easy-to-make cake. Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. I will see you in the next one. Bye!
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video.
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please like and subscribe.
Eee, iidikukuso iya fita, mkutwe, naa ea sama kukanoa, ile miyanga iidikukuso kukutwi.
Please subscribe to my channel and click the bell icon to get notified when I upload a new video.

Namayo nabashtata babili, balinawa itche aba nono.
E mukwai, iin chende balimo, iis sumanganshi mukwai.
Chahirie, Nakonu Makumuwao, Kureyamwane Kafie. Okwa e mba, okwa mabuwa.
Hello, Ababa Ntunawe Kalapachipuna Ichile Monekakuwati Charlie Pangwa Nefimuti Ifyamukuba
Thank you so much for watching, and see you next time!
This is the end of the video. Thank you for watching.
Thank you very much. I hope you enjoyed this video.
Namayo Alepootlila Akariluwa Akavuta
Thank you very much for watching this video. See you next time.
Wushe, nifeishi, uyushi kuluwandu umu kolochi, alechita, iro ekele, pache puna.
Shikulu bantu umukolochi wankanda awudda ukuete indale mumutwe naa ika laa pacipuna.
Uyushii kulu bantu, umu kolochi, naa foalei chanpe pui chaabu turuka, edu naa ka soti akafi ta kumutu aakwe, naa shika fu, ua ka shika mumukoshi.
Umuwa ume ufu ele isyati ele akashika nga umulopa. Ninchi alechita.
This is the story of a young man who was killed in a car accident in his home town of Chikolire. He was killed in a car accident in his home town of Chikolire.
Thank you for watching.
Umonavutuka Kabili Aleto Tamabukuyakuy.
Nadi mo, alelun bembo ayakwe ea chiduka.
Mula ndonshi aletotela amaboko.
Chene chene imbo ayadi sambidi da pan tukulemo nekana i kwa nishokuto loka u kwa u loko anu omo dilu.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
Shikulu Bantu Naikala Mutsinbaya Mbaya, Aleetamba Imbua.
This is the end of the video. I hope you enjoyed it. See you in the next video.
Now, I'm going to show you how to make the most out of this I'm going to show you how to make this
I'm going to walk under a boot. I'll be back in a bit.
Amanda L. Bennett, President of the United States of America.
Kunuma yaakwe, kwili chi wumba cha pangwa nimba o.
I hope you enjoyed this video.
I want to thank you all for watching this video. If you liked this video, please give it a thumbs up. Also, don't forget to subscribe to my channel.
If you go running into my nafingi chinne chinne Erio fi a riemba Paka ti ka fiko Ba a ribiala poni fi muti Erio e fi muti nafiena Te fi re fi kalamba sana Fi nono fi
My name is Baviri Baleshanna, and I am from Funkula. My name is Monica Bansansari, and I am from Baleshanna. I have been living in Koshy for a long time, and I have been living here for a long time.
Abakashana Vaviri Valeshana
And now I'm going to take a little bit of a shower and then I'll be done.
Yeah, I remember when I was a kid, I used to go to school with my parents.
When you're done, you can close the lid and let it sit for a few minutes.
If you don't know how to do it, I'll show you how to do it.
Bamba liado orina stata Ufwere itcha kashika icha mpepo Mukatavika mune shati iria vuta Nafwala na kashote akakashika eriune tolo shi iria fita
In Bwana'i quarter nature in Tumumukoshi.
Thank you for watching and please subscribe to my channel.
I'm going to send it in to Kukano.
Kunu maya mbuakule monekechi na maichi kulu sano.
Nafuala i ciampe po i ce langi li avuta.
Omukashana, Naiminina, Panjshita, Yamuchungulo.
Chilemonekakwadi alayenda alayi pakisha akashita akasuma.
Wash the fish fillet and cut it into small pieces Put the fish fillet in a bowl and place the fish fillet on top of the fish fillet
Thank you for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it. If you have any questions or other problems, feel free to ask them in the comments section below. Thank you for watching. See you next time.
Once again, I'm going to cut out the paper that I'm going to use as a template.
Kunu maya bukuli chinku piti wa bantu.
Now, we are going to cut the meat into small pieces and place them on a plate. Now, we are going to cut the meat into small pieces and place them on a plate.
Once about a two-baller money cover apalana quote in Iwamu Nina
Abakashan nabatatu nabafualakwaat filubi.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one. Thank you so much for watching, and have a nice day!
Now I'm going to add a little bit of salt and pepper and mix it all together.
If you have any questions or other problems, please post them in the comments section below.
Now we are ready to serve. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
This is the end of the video. Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed it. See you in the next video.
Imbwa iremba paenshi, kabirinaya sama naa kanua.
I don't know if it's true or not, but I'm sure it's true.
I'm going to add a little bit of water to cover it up.
Thank you for watching my video. I hope you enjoyed it.
I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it. I will show you how to do it.
Thank you for watching, please subscribe to my channel and give this video a thumbs up.
Awaiti abengi warite ma ukwangarira mumenshi in shita iingi.
HEC HEH EH! EUFU CHABBA LA! NA CALI MOU CALI EFUA YAFEE. UKWANGA LA!
Thank you for watching and see you next time.
I hope you enjoyed this video. Don't forget to like and subscribe. See you next time.
Abalomendo batatu abafuele imishi pimumusana, nabemilinanabashi kuluwantu abafuele ifyafita, netpepa lakuminwe.
Shilamonekakwati Uyushitata Eulepeleifilambu Kualawinna Uwangalopu
We'll see you next time for a new episode.
MQI ENCHENDE ABALUMENDO ABABALUILAMO UWANGALOWU
Omonaba mutemba aba umeba tatu ukumupoka umupira.
Thank you for watching this video.
Ava Omey Valeruilomupilawakumonomuchivansa
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Thank you for watching and don't forget to like the video and subscribe to the channel.
Oria umulu mendo na pompa na matowo, uku ishiwa ati aya ama angalu ya faika na ukwate amaka sana.
A.I. Hello Kabiru Kukwine, Kuline Wumbari Aba and Tuwambi Aba Leetam Booboo Wangaloo.
Mendo, I'm gonna go and put my pants on.
Thank you for watching this video. See you next time.
I will make a makeup tool and then I will show you how to do it.
Umuwa ume nani na panu mayamu na angkwi.
I hope you enjoyed this video and I'll see you in the next one.
Eh, she didn't want to go in the bathroom.
Inbuwa iri panguri iri wiri kalamba
kumten te muko alu pili kule mounika akamu tia kanonu
I'm going to tell you, I don't have a wife.
Thank you very much.
Aya, pwant te tire pitana fi amkasuwa. Nga kwa kawa na mawue yala kawa, so imbuwa te tire enda fi kwa bula if ya kufuwae.
Nangu kuli e fio ya chila pepeka edio ya liwede lamu
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us.
Okolingana nefia balumendua ba bafoede, chachi neba ngarama ngaro ayakusamba.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
Shreemonekanakarimu, feel ambufia in shibarepoka.
I want to buy them when I can remove them and I'm going to send them something
Hello, my name is Ababana Kulubantu. I am from Wumba, I live in Lembwa.
I hope you enjoyed this video and I will see you in the next one.
Ababa na kulu bantu abili, balia bantu aba sansa muka sana.
Hello, welcome to our Samsung Weekend. I'm your host, Amal Aya. I hope you're doing well.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Umua Nana Fualene Shati Iliya Makumbi Makumbi
Panshi, paremonekana, ichiwokooshi, ichiilangi, iriaguta.
Kunshinbi kuli if ya kufwala if ingi if ya likana likana.
Now we make a coca-cola pitapu, a caimako mumuru, Pakutua pitapu, and toroka mumuru winu.
Thank you very much for watching this video, I hope you enjoyed it and I will see you in the next video.
In this video, I'm going to show you how to make a
My name is Dr. Moneka, I am 20 years old and I live in Kakumbari.
Chile, Moneka, Kwati, Wanabakwe, Ponce, Patato.
Omo Anakashi, Alin, Nawa, Ichi, Watatu.
Bon saban, abatas, vinawa, foale siak, foale siak, palana.
Thank you for watching and have a nice day!
Wushe, uyumu anakashumu fiashi wakwata inkanda iyabuta uri naba naba kwebata tuaba nono abale angala ale mone kashani.
Thank you very much for watching this video. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments section below. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I will see you in the next one. Thank you for watching. See you next time.
I'm not a chef, I'm a cook. I'm not a cook. I'm not a cook. I'm not a cook. I'm not a cook.
Thank you for watching. If you liked this video, please subscribe to my channel. See you in the next video.
Hey boy, if you're ready monica, we want a little warm up. We don't fish are we know Santa have a lumen though. I'm in game
That's all for today. Thank you for watching. See you next time. Bye.
Abalomendou bané, bali kumbali yamumana, baleté ya omopila ya wakumakasa amomitanga.
I hope you enjoyed this video. Please subscribe to my channel.
Wafui lewa chinachin fianyachachini.
Limbi, what are you doing here? I'm here to fight. I'm here to save the ship.
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please give it a thumbs up and subscribe to my channel.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
When am I really never come back and I'll probably have a really good father. It's popo changing
Thank you for watching, I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
Vanamaya babidi nabakumbatana.
When I was a child, I used to go to school with my mother.
Chachi Nemuni, Yimbwa, Shimoneka, Uyumsango, Shilaba, Ishkari, Ilingi.
ea moni, elio imbo aimo intuia fita, elio imbi intuia buta.
A pa panchen deshili, pari notu fiani utuauma, erio na mawe ayakulu yakulu.
Inbuwa Shibiri, Shilia Yangala, Morisnu.
Imbo Asiwidi, Shiree Pepekana.
Inbuayishile butuka shirishibiri iyabutulukilanea fita.
E E E R O I I N T E N D E E K U R I A M A W I A H I N G I N
Mune Imbwa ishi shire monika ishkali Kuti shakusuma no kusuma
Eee, Ero Ia Fita Naitangira
Umuanakashi umu kalamba, alimu chivanza, muli chichi chivanza, muli ifyani ifyako impawino, elio mumbali mulinefi muti, ifyakatapakatapa.
I'm going to show you how to do it in the next video. I'm going to show you how to do it in the next video.
Pantanxia kui pali imwana imbi i kalamba.
Kukubu kukwa kukulio nai kata akawa akawa wuta. Elio ukwa kukuso aleka sondelila apali imbi ia fitulukila.
Abao maba kalamba ero nom kashana nabeka la pamipando. Pakatskabo pali tebulo apalin kombo shibidisha afita ero nembare abuta.
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Aue na kariya. Vas kulu bantu na balu li shakumbi, kabili na om kasana na alu li shakumbi. Ie na pansi, apoi om kasana ekele, pari necho ola.
Which if you were getting baby, which if two are done that by the lunch on ya
Kairi, if you have any questions, please feel free to ask me. I will be happy to answer them. Thank you very much.
Thank you for watching. If you liked this video, please give it a thumbs up.
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. Please subscribe to my channel. See you in the next video. Bye.
This is the end of the story. Thank you for watching. See you next time.
I'm at Panna where we come to into area each over the chain in a move
I will catch you in the next video, bye bye.
Mokashiana Omanaba Mutinifia, Arimuku Panapanshi.
Alina is a Muna Kukanwa, the leader of Mkupuna.
We should have a window very quick, sir
Valenda, Valepalami, Nampepi, Namenshi, Cipadirequati, Padifo, Valefuaya.
We'll see you in the next video!
I will see you in the next video. Bye for now.
Oh, man. I should have left the phone. I should have left the phone.
Have a nice day and have a nice day. Goodbye.
Vali, kulu lamba lua bimba.
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please give it a thumbs up.
I'll be buddy. I'm gonna feel work. What's up, man? I'm a boy
Hello, Pambali here in the Maya Foothi, Paliakapuna, Akashkwete, Awantu, Awake, Eleppo.
Thank you for watching and don't forget to like the video and subscribe to the channel.
Hello, this is Uyomulumendo and I am going to show you how to make a water bottle.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Bushi walech ten shu ku wali.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
See you in the next video, take care and don't forget to like the video and subscribe to the channel!
Cheney, once I've been in a valley lab and I'm at the end of the hour, can you believe I'm going to catch a loop or loom?
Now we are going to add some oil to the pan and we are going to cook it for a couple of minutes.
Have a wonderful day and good luck with your cooking!
Now we will make the dough We will start with the dough We will start with the dough
Today I'm going to show you how to make a delicious bread that you can easily make at home.
Kodemoto ka imbire isamu no mayago.
Umurumendo umo na foara e fiafita.
Panch palichi shi shi cha murilo
Avarumendo batatu nade mini na mupeti na motoka.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Now we are going to cut the
Pushe finche baletche te paka te kamse ba wa maneineke la, ababa ombe babidi, ababa fwe rama shati ya psa na psa na, ama langi umbi langi ya buta, era umbi a fwe ra kaputura umbi, ne toroshi dia langi ra fyi turukira.
Now I will show you how to make a delicious and easy recipe with the help of my mother-in-law and my sister-in-law.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below and I will be happy to answer them.
Put it in the water and let it soak for 10 minutes. After 10 minutes, take it out of the water and let it soak for another 10 minutes.
If you have any questions, please write them in the comments. If you have any questions, please write them in the comments.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Omoanakashi naikalapambao eka.
Eh eh! Chireyamunekakwati pali awalinangwe, mudioyomuputule, pantu alelolisha pobamu.
Pambao ekele pari mpoto shiwi kukuso kwa kwe.
Panshi, payutupe, palatune, utuakatapakatapa.
And that's it for today. Thank you very much.
Uyumusakutabafinbirepofieimishitiinangulaamalangeti
And share your music with us. And share your music with us. And share your music with us.
When you are done, you can take off your shirt and put it back on.
This is the place where I was born. This is where I was raised.
Our Mendovani, now we're gonna pan se a chukurwa.
If you like this video, don't forget to like the video and subscribe to the channel.
If you see more to come, it's cool, but if you don't, it's going to be a lot of work. If you don't, it's going to be a lot of work.
Booshe, ichi chi motoka, ichi kulu, weta ati mazembe, chile mone kashaani.
Pali chichi kope. Pali chi motoka ichi kulu ichi obetati mazembe. Lin ichi chire imia i fipin fia fia chi wumba i chatto veka.
Aya mangaru aya, kuchin fian nya ukwa fialu.
Kulemonuka Kuliavantuawe ingiawale angalama angalwaaya pussana pussana.
Abashiri Moma Ngalobena, Wale Tiamba No Kulumba.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
Okay, now I'm going to show you how I do it and show you how to do it.
If you want to learn more about this place, please visit the link in the description. If you want to learn more about this place, please visit the link in the description.
Chachi Demansosa, Eryo Pomusa, Lumo, Umo, Uwo, Alekhti, Shapa, Rino, Mutengo, Eryo Enela, Mayu, Nafo, Alecha, Mpepo, Chaka, Katapa, Katapa.
Thank you very much for watching this video. If you like this video, please share it with your friends.
Vashikulu bantu babili abangkanda yachi muenye Bale panga aman senkibere yalu tanbi luwabu.
We start by doing the same thing for the other side We start by doing the same thing for the other side
I think the film will be good. I think it will be good. I think it will be good. I think it will be good.
Muwe kishyopu yabo. Muwa isulafye utunkolonkolo utuwa lekana lekana.
Hey, boy, chile palakwatin, ili ili skulu liatwa na utu unono. Demona na to san san mukangan shin.
Namayo omo odi nika fundisham ali na utu anam utu anpendwa tule angalam.
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please like and subscribe.
Hey boy, I want a white moko angara paliyapakaramba. Pantuala balangksha, ifya kuchiteyfinti, ifya apsanaku.
Thank you for watching and see you next time.
I hope you enjoyed this video and I will see you in the next one.
Panchen de epovekere, pa di i fiora i fingi panchi, c'te moneka kwa tsi, va di paluendo.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Chachi ne mune, konchende ii ne, kuri ne fi muti.
Thank you for watching and see you next time.
Aka moana aka aiche, na kemia ko onokulu kumo.
Uyumuntu alimukatiyanganda emu eminine
Thank you for watching. If you liked the video, please subscribe to the channel and give it a thumbs up.
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you next time.
If you're a pal, then be a little former, farmer or fishy, bantu, abombele, nangula, elo, aliea.
Abana Kashwabili, Nave Minna Pamusebo, Eryo Omwale Moneka, Napa Papamensu.
Kunu maya mwa ume, kuli aba anitubambi abadimukon kamu, nabee na barechirukomu sewo.
Kunu mayabo kudyabantu abadenda. Uma ume umu nabika nalamiya kumatui.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below. Thank you for watching and have a nice day!
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions or other problems, please post them in the comments below. Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video.
Thank you for watching.
Ero kabiribonze, umo omen umo anumorumendo nabeminina, kabirinaba fuala nepsote fia wuta, i fia apalana.
Thank you so much for watching, I hope you enjoyed this video, please leave a like and subscribe to my channel for more videos like this.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
Please subscribe to my channel if you haven't already. Thank you for watching.
Omoanomukashana, alemonekakotipalifiremosyakechapaenshin
My name is Monika Ngole and I am 25 years old. I am an adult.
Hello, my name is Puna Kadimu. I am a student and I am going to teach you how to sing. I am going to teach you how to sing.
In the ancient era, Moneka was very happy with the people. However, the people were not happy with what he said.
Ushena Umunash Tata Wimmini Ne Panuma F.R.M.N.E.K.A
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Wushefinsh alet shtoyum lumendo.
Umulumendu alikumbaliyamumana'u kalamba na'iminina'pamawe
PAMONGA OMUMANANAMMAWE FINSHIFIMBI FILIKULI INCHENDE
Waka Pukola Abasungubabili nabeminina pamsebu umonafunganamabuku
Umulumendo na umukashana badea muishtolo, umulumendo na avika umuana pamabea.
Stata, Orestisha, Nafoala, Ishaati, Iria, Makumbi, Makumbi, Naikata, Mechefu.
Thank you for watching this video. If you like this video, give it a thumbs up. If you don't like it, don't forget to subscribe.
Bale Moneka Bonsebechide Mokolombo Mopila. Bambinawe Mininana Kopakolomba.
And that's it, I'll see you in the next video.
Thank you very much. I hope you enjoyed this video.
Avan Tupabidi, Balimuchu Bansi, Ciao Mopila.
Omurumendo na ikaramu uture wa kubomberamu.
Omo putu lia lima ure moneka nga muriamu studio batera amangaloya mungolanya
Hello, my name is Lillie. I am from Kolonkolo. I am from Alikana, Alikana. My name is Lillie Akash, I am from Moniquelli.
My name is Fuala Fima Gloves I'm from Kulukabili, I'm from Afita.
One man contends for the same house.
Wooshie, finish your mom and let's take a look in the end.
I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you for watching.
I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you for watching. See you next time.
Wushe, ale monika shani!
Mokutoloka Kwakwe, Nashi Ningxokuti, Nachi Ngiriroa.
Now, I'm going to do a little bit of the same thing on the other side.
Thank you for watching, I hope you enjoyed this video and I'll see you in my next video.
Afaraniyatsutichakusichakashka
Thank you for watching. Please subscribe to the channel and like the video.
Please share and subscribe to our channel for more videos like this one.
Iwumbareabantulirettambaabantukovarechinfianya
Konchende i ne i kule moneka o kusuma sana, kumue na fieku fikulu a fia bako.
Pasta Tava Vili, Pomononka Shaana, Bariyabai Karapaspuna
When you're done, you can go back to where you left off in the last video.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Once the water to now a coma Jackie it's gonna my yeah, it's your wake. It's
Thank you for watching and have a nice day!
This is the first time I've ever seen a bird like this in my life. I've never seen a bird like this before.
I'm going to show you how to make a nice, beautiful, and easy-to-make makeup look. I'm going to show you how to make a nice, beautiful, and easy-to-make makeup look.
Now, I'm going to add a little bit of water and mix it all together.
Nakobe ka necha kufuala icha fita kumu pando.
Ale moneka oa bombomana.
Come on, I'll show you how it's done.
If you don't have enough money, you can't afford to buy a house. If you don't have enough money, you can't afford to buy a house.
Imilan Shanisheye Aba Namaayo Kutuwa Tifiye Paline Chukosele Kanshi Musunga Weliya Shifiye
Start in a manner of a video. Now, I'm going to color my pan. Do not overdo it.
Boncee Watatu nivana mayo mukwai. Wale shimika nga kuotela nangula kuchipatala.
I hope you enjoyed the video and I'll see you in the next one!
I've been on Palamano Valley in Monique and I've been in Abacoata, if you have to, if you have.
Oom Kashaana as Kapamushi Ukufumakumariket.
Thank you very much for watching. See you in the next video.
Areton Tonka Nyokuti, Wusheniwana Ni Alasanga Kunganda
Awa echa ba rumendo nawa ka shaana nawa eka la ero kudifi wa lieli mba patupi e pala
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
If you want to learn more, you can go to the link in the description below.
Who do you want to say? No, I can't. No, I can't. No, I can't.
Shirei angala, kabili shibili na shikala paku angala.
Thank you for watching and have a nice day.
I'm Boa Statoo, Shiri Muchi Bansa, Munchtayakasua.
Iwumba liaba kalamba aba umi, aba nakashi, nabekala munganda naba shinguluka itibulu baleliya.
Namayo ekele pakati na su onta umunwe, kufyo bare lulisha wonsi.
If you're a courier, not be can issue a area or momentum or more women in a layer. Can you if you're a courier?
Avantu vekele petevulo na vasekirila. Chiremonika fintu valetamba. Atemwa ifyobamuna na afi vasekisha.
Thank you very much for watching this video, please like, share and subscribe to my channel.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Thank you for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it. If you did, please like and subscribe. See you in the next video.
I want to have a
I hope you enjoyed this video, and don't forget to like this video and subscribe to my channel for more videos.
Sitata adipadi tutututu nasa endane findukunu maya okoi
Fintuasende restata kunuma, pamuru wa fiko, pali umuleka pali umusalu o aluteku.
Namba mumbariya mse wo, mule moneko mwa fiko, pantu muli, ama bwe, mwa bwe fipe pala.
Um Lumendo Kapokola Aleenda Nukubokokomomuitumba
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please give it a thumbs up and subscribe.
Thank you very much for your attention.
Ea Mkwaero Chire Moneka Hakwati Ali Shiba Ukwama Kwa Fimuti Panganda
Kavili, now for a namagalashi kumenso.
Umu Anakashi, Aliye Kako Mupiri.
Uyumu anagashi alen inolupiri ulutari.
Na ikakani entambo pakuti epona.
Panjpantuali, Paliutufiela, Utualekanarekana, Utuakulungishishako.
Thank you for watching this video.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Panjshipene, parinakachela, aquakaremoneka, akamulopamulopa.
Erio untubale pitta, mule shala na mulenga, namakasa.
Omo omo kashana nabutukisha ukuchila omo bie
Elio won 7-0. Now Bafoala and Utupin win.
Ea moni, uyu shali le, ale moni ka ta kuata uluwilo.
Now, I'm going to add a little bit of water and a little bit of water to the pot. I'm going to add a little bit of water to the pot.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and don't forget to give it a thumbs up and subscribe to our channel for more videos like this.
Inchendewa pangiroku tiavantu benge satusha no kuangraku sana sana abayichi
Papenekwena, kutimwai kalaponga chakutinamu isanawa ichiwale angala eriomulewamona.
Naikata Kutushinbi. Eryo Aimea Amoru Mumoru.
Omoaheche, aléangalafé eka.
We will see you next time.
Fin shi i lech ta pachani.
In Buoyakashkiranaylalapachan.
But if you're there, I'm going to show you how it's done.
Konu maya iko kuli i fiani i fitali, uku chila apu i lele.
Omoanakashumo nai kalapanshi, imboa shide iyangala.
Kuku Sokwamukashana, Kuleamunika Kwati, Nakuimini na Umwaumi, Lelo Ichinso, Chakwita Chileamunika.
Aletamba Eko Imbuashire Yangala
Chi palile kwati chi chi wansa, chi wansa wale tako imbwa. Bantu kuli naa bantu wambi awe kele bantanshi au yumu kwashana, awadine imbwasha psanap sana.
Sitata Nanamayo, Bali, Pachangaruchakushana.
Eya Nimbona. Pandu na shita ta winne. Pakutila e poniwo yu na mayu. Naa e meni na mounshireya kutila. Teti ata lante ante.
Namayo, Afuere, Iraya, Riyakashika, Nensapato, Ishaakashika, Kabirinete, Akui, Chinguila, Kuminuena, Fio, Ifiakashika.
Erochile palavari isivishokushana, kun mwonafe ishoveminine rintuwareshana.
nduwa ndi po ikuru ndi ko ita ya mafufu ayafiita. ndi yo na ayafi turu kila kumulu. ndi ko ngelepo ndi ko ita ya mafufu ayabuta na ayafi turu kila. ndi ena ndi no no ndi ko ita ya mafufu na maalangighi onse.
Please subscribe to my channel for more videos.
Wushe shimbo, shikwe tiyama fufu yam sango shani.
Bushachangalonsi Shinbashiliangala
Konuma ya kwe kuri umumana Kumbari ya kwe kuri chi umuti
That's enough for now, now it's your turn
Shikulu Bantu, Omusungu, Naikara, Pamupando
I want to have a Lekana Lekana party. I want to have a man. I want to have a machine. We have a son. I want to have a father. I want to have a son.
Thank you so much for watching and don't forget to like the video and subscribe to the channel.
エリオペーテーブローパリーアカオコシナイチパリレンガイチタウオムペーピィ
Now, maya wankanda yawuda alo leshiye muchitawo. Bashi tata bali mupepi balo leshiye kufikope kuchibumba.
If you have any questions or other problems, please post them in the comment section below.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Thank you for watching this video.
Hello, I'm Papa Kwedire. Today I will show you how to make a
My name is Pepe, and I am from Alipari, and I live in the city of Simbi.
She needs to push it up a little bit more to get it to pop up a little bit more.
Kunumaya Uyumuwa Umekuremonike Chimbayamba Echiminini.
I'm going to Paris, I'm going to get some fresh air, I'm going to get some massage.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
This is how it turned out. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you next time.
This is how it looks inside the bottle and how it looks inside the bottle.
Wushen, Chiremona Keifo Finchi Fintu Uyumwa Ume Omuse Pelawaku Ata Inkanda Iyawuta Uikete Omupilamu Minwe Arechita
Thank you for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it. If you did, please like and subscribe. Thank you.
Boshé, you're the one who's been taking care of your family, and you're the one who's been taking care of your children, and you're the one who's been taking care of your children,
Okubo Kokumo, Naikata Kumotui, Oro Kumbi, Azunta Kuntanshi
Isha Tidivere Omua Omei na Palembo e Filembo.
I'm a combi now. Yeah, they money kaya fita. We should finish Philip a shot. Um, Mendoa for a day
Umu'a ume na toloke'i waka mumulu.
Thank you very much for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it. See you in the next video.
Kumbari ya kue kuri ya bantu awale ipitila, idio ale pupusha itcha kwa angasha chama langia, lekana lekana anga, umkola mfula, rainbow.
When you are done, you can put it in the fridge and let it rest for a few hours.
And if you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments section below. That's all for now, and I'll see you in the next video. Bye for now.
If you'd like to take a look at it, it's easy to find it on the internet. If you don't have it, you can buy it online at Kinshiawaba and Kurubantuaba.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Umukashana, Naikatomukolochi, Patrick, Pachipuna, Alingo, Ulepepa.
This is my name. My name is Pamba Diakwe and I am from Zapataishavuta.
Monumento, palè salunà, e fiacu salunà, pa' mui pica.
Omo kasana adelo lexapafyo omo lumendo aleipiki.
Patibolo pali imbegeti iamakumbimakumbi omo'unuri flaula
Kabili palina kabeseni apali ama ekeshi aengi.
Pariawa avarumendo chinerubari wabiri wankanda eafita, ejo awanbibasano wankanda eawuta.
Voshe, e inchende, ababa lumendo bariko, e lemone kashani.
Pali Chichikope, Pali Avalumendo, Chinalu Pali, Avalenda Mumusewo.
Boshé uyumwana, umwana kashi umunono, ule angala mupepi pepi, nabemba ali nabana ni.
Chilemonika Ifyo, Oyumwana Umunono, Ole Angalamupepi Navemba, Arifiye Eka.
Booshechiremonekaokutifinshifiriparivembaukuriuyomuanaomukashanaowachaite
Now we are going to fry the potatoes and potatoes in the same pan.
Avalumendo na bacayana
Muibumba Mulinaka Muayiche, Akaleyenda.
Thank you very much, Walanda, and thank you very much, Chinne-Chinne. I am very happy to be here with you, and I am very happy to be here with you today. I am very happy to be here with you today.
In the end, I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please give it a thumbs up and subscribe to my channel.
Thank you very much. This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, please leave a comment below. I will try to answer them. See you next time.
This is the end of the video. Thank you for watching. If you like this video, please subscribe to my channel. Thank you.
Now I'm going to use a pair of scissors to make a hole in the middle of the bread.
Thank you very much and see you next time.
Kumbari, Kulekita na nama'i upanitanshi'a matuka.
Now I will show you how to do it.
Umukashana ade noti ne skono.
No, cut it out. I'm not cutting it out. I'm cutting it out. I'm going to cut it out.
Thank you for watching and have a nice day.
Eumkwae, ti alam kafiakko omobili impeleko na hamaka.
I'm out of shape. I got the label. I'm buying a complete thing If we are a moniker, I'm not possible. So I'm I know
I think that's it. I think that's it. That's it. Thank you for watching.
I don't have a name, so I'm going to use a computer.
Thank you very much.
Alikuntanshi atchiro nganinu ngo ule imba. Nakunu maya kwe kuli bakalisha wafil imba fiamiwaya na fimbi.
Now I will take a little bit of water and put it in the filter. I will let it sit for a while.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
My name is Omonaika Lapa Mpando Wamtuntura and I am 26 years old.
Once you have it in our foyer, if so, take a midway.
Avalomendo Babidi, Wadipachikochika, Lachiletin, Twanakabaloe.
Wale Moneka Kwatina Banakasana
Apawarivarepita, Pakatsukaamayanda.
Emkwa istata uyu eshri emkwa istapofimu ababandu.
And that's the end of the story. See you next time.
Now I'm going to add some water to the pot so that the rice doesn't stick to the pot.
Thank you so much for watching!
You know how fucked I am, how did you even think that you were going to fuck a woman?
Omo Lomende na kwera muchi imbaya imbaya.
Eh, eh, chachi ne. Kabirina farane to lo shiri ya makumbi makumbi.
Kona no moana, wadi munganda wabidi wade irolesha.
Kona alero resha umwana gonsi balin panchi munganda
My name is Kalapa Vlangits.
Thank you for watching!
Ulemonika uwaa lamba uyuwiini umumanaa wapanga.
That's all for now. Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed it.
And we will do the same for all of them, but we will do the same for all of them, and for all of them.
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you next time.
Thank you for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it. Don't forget to like this video and subscribe to our channel. See you next time.
Now, I'm going to show you how to create a new area in the middle of the mountain. I'm going to show you how to create a new area in the middle of the mountain.
Thank you for watching and don't forget to subscribe to my channel for more videos like this.
My name is Mombali Ashkuruwa and I am from Eendela. I am from Ashkuruwa and I am from Malaiti. I am from Kupilako and I am from Mosebo. I am from Pupu and I live in Misoka.
I hope you enjoyed this video and I'll see you in the next one.
Uyumomuwa umi ari pari msange wakui. Usheniba ni ari lanshan yanabu.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I will see you in the next one.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Thank you for watching this video. If you have any questions or other problems, please post them in the comment section below.
You are right. I am a good girl. I don't have any problems with children. If I don't have any problems, I will be a bad girl.
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please like and subscribe. Thank you for watching.
Kumuku Kuri Wundama
This is your shirt, Makumbi Makumbi.
Mulumendo alipanji inga mumuku.
Mnumendo a limu muku ninji inga.
Kunu maya mkashana, kuli na mayo no mshishi ufkiremu maviya, na afwala na magalashi ayafita.
Chachi ne wa sosamune. Eryo na ikata naka sote aka afita. Eryo ne chitavo chakashika.
Uyuna mayo na kuwata umusisi utari uwabuta, umbi uripansi ulepela pampuni.
You can also paint with water, paint with paint, and paint with a brush.
What are you doing here? I'm going to tell you a story that I've been telling you for a long time.
Now I'm going to add some water to the pan and let it cook for a few minutes.
Hello, my name is Aistisa Kulapunako-Obufu, and I am the owner of Stola Issa. I am the owner of Stola Issa.
Uyuu umu lumendo alife eka, abantu wambi tabale moneka panchen deyi.
Chilepala, Nishitayalu, Suba, Eicho, Afweli, Akashati, Akabula, Maboko.
Alina, if you're going to pack a lift into Alelia.
The reason why I am here is because I want to share my experience with you.
I want to once again change the way Monica and I work with each other.
Thank you for watching.
Hey, hey, Kuticha. What you think? Pantu, kuma skulu yama sambililo ya kalamba, Eko awantu watitach lamuntu ifyo alefwaya.
Hey guys, this is Monica, from the School of
Thank you for watching, I hope you enjoyed this video, please like and subscribe if you did, and I'll see you in the next one.
Bebumbari abantukun maayakwen, Bali bakapokol abanankwen, Elion abantum avalipitafyem.
It's cool. I mean, you know, I'm going to cut it. It's cool. I'll take it. I'll take it. I'll take it. I'll take it.
Now I'm going to put a little bit of glue on the bottom of the box, if you have a glue stick, and I'm going to put a little bit of glue on the bottom of the box, so that it doesn't come off.
I want to let them be amazing, and if you're cool with it.
I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed it. Thank you for watching.
Kunjende ayemba. Nendupwexia dekana dekana. Eko shidi.
Ihi enche nde aba aiche, abakulu, ba lupua, ifibusa na abatemui kwa bon sebe sako.
you show you mua ume, no mua na kashi. Neku isabari, ukuriya menji.
Don't forget to subscribe to my channel for more videos.
I hope you enjoyed this video, please give it a thumbs up and subscribe to my channel for more videos like this.
This is the end of our video. Hope you liked it.
Operation Polish Injection Injection Injection Injection
Thank you for watching and have a nice day. See you next time.
Washi ngangababili, balih lepulomulue le palubago.
I will see you in another video, bye bye!
Thank you very much. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed it. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments section below. I will be happy to answer them.
Thank you for watching. If you liked this video, please subscribe to my channel. If you have any questions, please leave them in the comments.
Thank you very much. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please leave a like. Thank you for watching.
Nangula Chingabwe Fyo Ache Pesha Kwenanga Alimwana Wesu Kutina Mitoba Mo Indupi Kumasaya
I don't know what you're talking about. You're not going to tell me what you're going to tell me, are you?
You don't want to feel the pain. You want to feel the pain. You don't want to feel the pain.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
Thank you for watching and have a nice day. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you in the next video.
When the water starts to boil, turn off the heat and let it simmer for a few minutes. Then turn off the heat.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. It's a good thing you're here. If you're hungry, if you're hungry, you can eat.
Thank you for watching the video and see you in the next video.
You can use a lighter or a knife to make it easier to cut

If you want to come outside and take a walk, you can find a place where you can take a nap.
This is how you can verify if your system is working or not.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Wa nina nawa wishi, nawa ikarira, wale shimika.
Now we are going to make the filling for the dough. We will start by making the dough.
Eemun. Ale Moneka. Pali. Ifiu. Ale Punda. Atemwa. Ukwimba.
Umo's tata, Ophuele, Ishaatidea, Makumbi, Makumbi, Napunda.
you can't get a perfect copy, we miss you. But if you are in the Dharma, you are going to be there.
Vastata, vasano, vadimomusewo.
Waka chin fianya, wan fwa la shi, wa le pepe kana.
Ola mona wino sana. Infuala shi ninama. E icho ufile fie wabi ka kwa mano. Pantuku kusuku sa. Shake you off.
Now I'm going to show you how to make a
I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it.
Kunuma ya muntu kudi ichi kulu wa ichi awuuta na wakamba tika ko na ifi pepala.
Umorumendu arendanafua ishyatidierangidia kashkana ifidienbufiabutanatumbira ishyatimuitoloshidiakwe.
But you won't buy church school apart. We won't mind. Oh, they peter body each bumper each quite the ethereal more if you're more combi-macombi
If you have any questions or other problems, please post them in the comments section below.
We are in Kashana and we are going to be going to Kutui today in Yelanda.
Kabiri afwere akashat ka akashkidira, kabiri na kobe ka na akashola ka kominui.
O yom kashana na kaka a kanto momotu ya kwe umudi emesishi isha afita.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
PAMATEBURU ABANTUNAVEKARAVARERIA
Thank you for watching my video.
I wish to share if you are cool here.
I hope you enjoyed this video and I will see you in the next one.
Thank you so much for watching. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
I'm not sure if this is the right way to go. I don't know if it's the right way to go. I'm not sure if this is the right way to go. I don't know if it's the right way to go.
Limbi Masako Ayalinga Kutifile Moneka Ifikulu Sana
Naisenda ichi nduku kanoa. Ushenchi ndishi koe te.
Now I'm going to cut the lemon into small pieces and place them in a plastic bag and let them rest in the fridge for a few hours.
Now we are going to see how it works. The first thing we are going to see is how it works.
I'm wearing a fita, I'm going to put on a blouse, I'm going to wear a tukayeka.
Hello, my name is Rukungulu Ingi. I was born and raised in Utuka. I was born and raised in Utuka. I was born in Utuka.
El Mbuayine, Ile Monekea Akashikile, El Onayasamana Kukanwa.
Hey, you're very handsome. I'm going to get you a cup of coffee. I'll be right back.
Aye, aye. Elui chivansana cho. Chikwete chani cha katapa katapa.
Okusoko de Motoka
Mulubali kuliifi bin bai fi le tonde kokuakuya
Avaro Mendova VD Valencia if tukutuku palmsewo uusku.
Kuli ama la iti. Aya kulu aya leyaka. Kulu ba dee yam sebo kuli ifi kuluwa.
Umurumendu, a lechofa, injinga na fuala na kaputula ia wu tanen sapato.
Kumpela kuri i bumbadia bantu nech kulu wa ichitadi.
Nafuala Akasote Akawu Taerunakapiravura
Uku li'ok li'a balumendo ba biriba de'en da.
This is the end of the video. I hope you enjoyed it. See you in the next video.
That's it for today's video. I hope you enjoyed it. See you in the next video.
Our songwabili umulumende nomukashana abalipamu. Eyo umulumende naekalapati shinbi ichikalamba.
Once again, I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
When I started you, I didn't know if you were there. I didn't know if you were there, if you were there, if you were there, if you were there.
Wushestata Uyumkalaale Ali Ali Tandala Hiena Angolaale Kopafi Abantova Muitile
Chao Masana, Pantu Akalalaka, Varikarumbanyasana.
Muncha ndemuntu adikwena, muti na chimbaya ambaya icha mutunturuwa.
It won't be a bantoo, but it could be full of chach and the wingy.
Kukuku chifulo kuli fikulu wa ifin giftari eroni ifin bayan bayan.
Omono Mendo Omo, Nafuala, Ishaati, Iyabuta, Naumbi, Iyafita.
Omo kashana omo mumu iwomba alilanda pafoni ilyo alenda, kabili akoetemi shishi isha wota.
Thank you very much for your attention and for your support. Thank you. See you again soon.
Today, I'm going to talk to you about a few things that you might want to know about.
Eee, Ndeemona, Ena, Hachali Lakom, Pali, Ifyo, Hachilado, Lesha, Kukuso, Kwaakwe.
Thank you for watching. Please like, share and subscribe to my channel.
Thank you so much for watching, I hope you enjoyed this video, and don't forget to like this video and subscribe to my channel.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask me. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask me.
Abakashana Babirinaba Lumendo Balenda
Chile Monekakotunakarimowadipakatiyaanpili
I'm sorry for the trouble. I'm sorry for the trouble. I'm sorry for the trouble.
Omo kashana omono lumendo omo naba pape fiwola kunu ma Elu naba kuwa ta nama kamaela
Thank you very much, my friends. I hope that you enjoyed the video. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask. I am very happy to answer them. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask. I am very happy to answer them. Thank you very much.
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please give it a thumbs up and subscribe to my channel. Thank you for watching.
It's a strange thing that I have. I want to go home. I don't want my kids to be against my will. I will tell them I am really happy.
I am Owa Landa Kanshi. Kanshi is a very beautiful woman. I think she is a very beautiful woman. She is a very beautiful woman. She is a very beautiful woman.
So...
I'm not saying that you can't go out with your family. You can go out with your friends. You can go out with your family. You can go out with your family.
Thank you very much.
Eryo kawiri kuchifulo wari kodine fiumuti ifka lamba Eryo ichi shiwa wari mo cha pangwa mupepi nefkuru afyatunti ifka lamba
I want to go back to my home. I want to go back to my home. I want to go back to my home.
Vamo parive na vare isha, edi o bambi veke refi mome ishi, rie na bambi na vimini na, ushe ni fi ishi, vifi rengeri vave ukubadhi.
Awakashana nabal mendo, awengi nabakolonga napachifolochomo, panishtaya kasuwa.
Kuminwe na bemiya ama flaggi a ya psa na psa na na ponga ya fiya lorishi na mgula in sumba shingbi.
If you have any questions, please write them in the comments below and we will try our best to answer them.
When you are done with your work, you can go back to the kitchen and wash the dishes.
Vashkulu bantu butter tuvali mochi vansa
Kabiribemani nepamuishiwa chikolwa ichipalilenga ichafisela.
Shikulu bantu naa naa kulu bantu naa vappu naa meenaa muu muu ruu.
Now, I'm going to show you how to make a Chinese-style Chinese-style Chinese-style Chinese-style
And the water that you see in front of you is the same as the water that you see in front of you, and it is the same as the water that you see in front of you.
Thank you for watching, I hope you enjoyed the video.
無理は名前をなばしたった文言でいい。
I want to have a psa-nopsa now, but I need to...
Mune Mumpanga Mune, Kabibari Panga Nogula Lobo Taldi Sana, Kumu La Fem Pire Kuti Chine Chine Mumpanga
Now longica, ero bari panga pona kabo lalo. Ciremonica panshi, bari vechidindi. Ereo, now monokutira, kori na bantu avarenda.
I'm going to the toilet. I'm going to the toilet. I'm going to the toilet.
Allah, Jishinqa, Ero, Iinchen dekwari flefimuti na amabwe ayakalambetini.
If you liked this video, please give it a thumbs up and share it with your friends.
Now I'm going to make a hole in the bottom of the pot. I'm going to make a hole in the bottom of the pot.
Once upon a time, there was a man called Amakarashi, who lived in Oshkwete.
Moombaadi, moody in sadwisho badembele poofymo, nawa shingroo shen chende yon se.
Erechile Mnika Kuwati, Afumamuko Owa, Nangula Mukusamba.
Pantweo ekele o inamayo, nupakasalufe kantuanshike panchi.
I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing.
My name is Anikumba Riamma and my name is Tusha.
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
Now we will make the dough. We will use the dough that we have prepared earlier. We will use the dough that we have prepared earlier.
I'm going to show you how to do it and show you how to do it.
I'm going to use a small amount of water to cover the
Mumusebo, Muri, Naumbi, Unkashana, Apapire, Ichola, Chafita.
Omolumendo na Omukashana nawekala pete bolo balenwa chai. Bale shimika no kushimika.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Pachi Wumba, Chetuka, Palemberu and Malembo, Ayakashka, Ichiwina, Chisalika and Kapampaka, Awuta. Karipambari, Erekunu, Mayamukashana, Usendela, Kachola and Katapakatapa.
When the water starts to boil, add the pepper and let it cook for a while.
I wish you no more numbering. I hope you have a good Shabbat. I will see you in the next video. Thank you.
At the end of the day, we are going to have a lot of fun and have a lot of fun. I hope that you will all have a great time.
Bawishinawe Katilila'umuana'elo Bafweli'amakirashi'afita
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, give it a thumbs up. And don't forget to subscribe to my channel, so you won't miss out on new videos.
Thank you very much, I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments section below. Thank you very much.
Thank you very much. I hope you enjoyed this video and I'll see you in the next one.
I hope you enjoyed this video, please like, share and subscribe to my channel.
Babidi Aba Anakashi, Konumayamu Aumé, Bareri Ashi, Kairi Ashi, Irawemini Nipari, Yingchend.
I hope you enjoyed this video, please give it a thumbs up and subscribe to my channel.
Thank you for watching this video. If you like this video, please subscribe to my channel and give it a thumbs up.
Kun mayabu kudinafinbif prututu apadi abantu delo filayal wadilumbi.
Put the tobacco in the pot and let it cook for a few minutes.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them.
Please subscribe, like and share this video.
I am going to use the same water that I used earlier. I will pour some water into the pot and let it boil. I will let it boil for a while.
Eh, I don't know. I don't know if I'm a good person or not. I don't know if I'm a good person. I'll be waiting for you. I'll be waiting for you.
No, but we should know Mona if you're a little more than a couple men, so one safety
Hello, I am Pinnika. This is U-Tangile. My name is U-Tukondo Tubidimumulu.
Elio wabili wafuele i fia wuta, Elio umon afuele i chatili afita.
Eryo pari aba abakashana, babiri bari no mushishua fita. Eryo umo no akashika.
Abakashana, batatu, abayemba, balimika.
If you have any questions or other problems, please post them in the comment section below.
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please subscribe to my channel. Thank you for watching. See you soon.
Now I'm going to show you how to do it in the same way I did in the beginning.
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please leave a like and a comment.
Thank you for watching this video. If you like this video, please give it a thumbs up. Also, don't forget to subscribe to my channel.
Hello, my name is Moneka Quatin. I am from Panama. I was born and raised in Panama. Thank you for listening.
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. Please like and subscribe.
Avalumendo wavili na umokashana umo, badi mumbadi yamusebo wale endam.
Shkulubantu, ale mwone kowanaka, nanguwasa kamanamumika dilayakwe.
Shkulubantunai kalamumpandunai katanyane minwa shakutpam.
Umpando Wakaena, Wapangoku Bumsina Imbau, Eru Wabi Kapuapaku Ikalapa Anakabuina.
Kuti aba lelu lelu kun fuwe feba mpimine fefumine. Nangumu temu ikuwa shindike kuchipatara.
I hope you enjoyed this video, if you did hit that thumbs up button, it helps me to make good content for you, other then that, I will see you in tomorrow's video, peace out.
Once I'm through with the food, I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed.
Ababa na, bali muni ka kuwati baka la mbechi ne, na abafo ala ne fiampe pofi ati kama.
Yeah, but if I had a look at it, it's a variation in a chopper push. I think I've got a couple of other cheetah if I'm saying go
Thank you for watching and see you next time.
Kabili umukashana afoede ifyakofoala fiwanze ifyafiitane mshishi ishawuta.
Thank you for watching and have a nice day.
Hey, what's up? My name is Tukondo Twakwe. My name is Tukondo Twakwe. My name is Mumulu. My name is Mumulu. My name is Mumulu.
I hope you enjoyed this video, please like, share and subscribe to my channel.
Aba, Wonse, Naba, Fuali, Fia, Kufuala, Ifi, Apalana, Wuxi, Mulan, Dunshi, Bafuali, Ile, Muyu, Uyumu, Sangu.
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please give it a thumbs up. And don't forget to subscribe so you don't miss out on new videos. Until next time, be well.
Nomba kanchi ni kweesa alea oyushtadda.
Thank you for watching and have a nice day.
I hope you enjoyed this video and don't forget to subscribe to my channel.
Konoma yama riketi kuli ifkuluwa fiamkalaari ifyengi ifkalaamba anganshi.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section. I will try to answer as many as possible.
Rambi awa na kashi pa ra lechi tisha, pa fwele i fia kashika, kari li ra lechi tisha i fintu pa monge misalu.
I'm going to eat a banana, a potato, and a salad.
I'm not going to tell you anything. I'm just going to send you a copy of the book. You can read it later. I'm going to tell you something. Don't worry about it. I'm going to tell you everything.
Nimbamuanaa, nabobene bare yung fisha weno, bare dilapamukai bare lansyanya, bare sekelela, elu unbi alife eka.
Thank you for watching. If you like this video, please subscribe to my channel. Thank you for watching. Thank you for watching.
Now, let's see what you've got. You've got a lot of money. Let's see what you've got. So, you're going to pay for this? So, you're going to pay for this?
Umukashana Uwabuta Inkanda Nemshishi Shafita Eryo Ishipi Arenda Mukamusebo Wakula Akapo Roloka Nishi Nalu Resha Napanshi
If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to ask them in the comments section. If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to ask them in the comments section.
And now, I'm going to show you how to cut a tree. It's called a kunse. It's called a makumbi. It's called a sketi. It's called a kashka.
Thank you for watching this video, I hope you enjoyed it, and I will see you in the next video.
They are more than a sender know what work way paraconto Valera
This is the most beautiful thing I have ever seen.
Hello, if you're in Jenga, I'll answer a lot of questions, but I'll answer as many as I can.
Shkulu Bantu Alencha Injinga Yamaulufo, Namkwenana Bantu.
Kuli ii inchende uyu maume ariko Kuli ii fikuluwa ne mi sebo Kavili kuli ii inchende kuli ne nintambo Isha ma la iti
Wuxi, what are you doing? I'm going to go to my mom I'm going to go to my mom I'm going to go to my mom I'm going to go to my mom
Impunda, Yamafufu Ayafita, Eiretinta, Ichichikochikala, Ichamipetoibidi, Ichinininepo, Uyumamme.
Wushen, nifinchi ifisendere, itchin itchikotikala, itchin kuyu umwaume, uwa mshin kuwa pakate, anini nipon.
If you have any questions, please leave them in the comments below. Thank you very much.
Now I'm going to show you how to make an umbrella.
Thank you for watching, please subscribe to my channel and give this video a thumbs up.
Thank you for watching and I will see you in the next video.
Thank you for listening and have a nice day.
shi tata na nama yobale nshama chinga yabo. Naba fwa la if sote no tufyola akun ma yabo.
This is the first time I have been to the United States, and I am very happy to be here.
Kulemonika na umusewo wa mujanga, Gravel. Emo ba fumine pakupatu ke la mokashila ka tondo.
If you have any questions or other problems, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below. Thank you for watching and see you next time.
Edio Uyunamayo Ekerinashita Tawaleshimika Napaapana Kachola Akawuta
I'm going to show you how to paint this little bird. I'm going to show you how to paint this little bird. I hope you enjoy the video.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
I'm Kasha now. I think it's full of the I won't bother about to I'll be okay.
Kabiri, na pide bukila kunuma, na kobeka, ne chola, e chafita.
O yom kashana maikata icha koko pelako, icho ale bonfya u koko pavan tu, ave ike ele muye bomba.
Avantu abekere muibumba. Bulemoneka abasa ansamuka. Kabidi balenua ifyakunua.
シタタナイメリナコンロマヤバシタタワウィリナナマヨアワレンダ。
Thank you very much for being with us.
I'm not sure what you're talking about, but I'm sure you're thinking the same thing.
On New Year's Eve, in their land, they will be ready to rent.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Thank you very much for listening. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you next time.
Bambia Bantu, Nabi Ekarapanshi, Mpepi Nakamana, Yo Bambi, Nabarara Panshi.
Hello everybody, I'm B, I want to learn and I want to be very clear in which I am fully
I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it or not.
That's all for now. Thank you for watching.
Thank you for watching and see you next time.
I hope you enjoyed this video and I will see you in the next one.
Thank you for watching and have a nice day.
Thank you for watching and have a nice day.
I'm Momo, and I'll see you in the next video.
Thank you for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you will subscribe to this channel. See you next time.
Abba Lumendo, Babidi, Abba Aiche, Abba Fishi, No Mooshishua Salangana, Bale Monika, and Malangurushi.
Erio Varengera na Murichi i chakumu enako entanda na simbi fiaba mumulu.
Muché Mkutilati Nibakaliskulu Pali Efo Balessambili Lamune
Tabafuere ityakufoala kiawakasukuru, ediyo uyumu na foala na kasote e icho, itindandati niwakasukurumu ni.
I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know how to speak English.
Thank you for watching.
Yes, it is possible that many of us are like you.
Abaantu Abaalikunu Manawo Balayangala
Uyumunumendo na afwala inzapato iafita, ishati idia wuta, erio na itoloshi idia makumbi makumbi.
Umwa umme, ale ya ngala, uwa ngalo, uwa koensha, aka lubao, aka akwata, tumipeto tunne.
Bushi, Uyu'umwa'umi, Ule'angala, Ubu'ubwa'angalo, Afuelefinchi!
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below. Thank you for watching.
I hope you enjoyed this video and I will see you in the next one.
Thank you for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments.
Thank you very much. I hope you enjoyed this video and I will see you in the next one.
Na Fula Na Ishati
Muka tika femuti mule moneka ifikuluwa.
Kumbariya Mumanakurinaifimuchi.
Muay che, aletto lo che l'ha pamenshi.
Omoana omoana kashi, nai kala.
Alayanga Shama Tipa, a.k.a. Lemu.
Now follow me as I show you how to do it.
Ali waekala mumatipa.
I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom.
you are bitter a lot moreとか if we lay on taro kako whoever Jim
Nish Uyumuru Mendo. Eu Fumine Mukule Nga. Uyomunu E. Uri Pachu Wumba.
Yo! I know you got a wildin' boy. I know you take a fkin' up a moodoo, up a one-bedo, I know you.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
What's a finch if he be only a monopopat scope itchie?
Umualesunkakuntanshi umbinaikalapamulu ale umfamanoni.
Ushakwena, Elo Awela Kujiimu, Mukolola Umuviri
Umua Nakashi, Ale Nwamenshi, Ale Fumakuli Pompi.
Thank you very much for your attention and see you next time.
Omoana omoana kashi, aleenoa amenshi kupompi.
Amen. She had a monica. I want to win.
Hey, don't worry about it. I know what you're thinking. Pantumo has a lot of work to do.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I will see you in the next one.
This is the first time I have been able to get a call from a mobile phone.
I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to sleep. I'm going to sleep. I'm going to sleep.
Eryo idin ninshita yabushiku, komana feyo ukokoshiti de.
See you in the next video.
Nafuala na ichisote ichiawota.
I'll see you in the next video. Bye!
Chechen Kasana walaawndolo la, efwekfala wafwele. Karwili wale wombisha sana, bak ti wengapangin dalama ate ma, bak ti wengesa afola in dalama pamwechi.
If you are not good with people, then you should not do this. If you are a good person, you can treat them with kindness. That is the way to achieve success. But if you are a good person, then you should not do this.
My name is Mumu Putulewa, I'm from Rambu. My name is Bachitofu, I'm from Elio. I'm from Kponefima, I'm from Kulu. I'm from Korya.
When the dough is ready, we can start kneading the dough.
Wale monika, awansansa sana, pakwensyamachinga.
I will never mend what I'm on panga, what I'm on shamachanga.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Have a nice day and see you next time.
Mulandunshi kumurba fuaride akep yamavuko edunamakalashiafida.
Thank you for watching. See you next time. Bye for now.
Thank you for watching. If you liked the video, please subscribe to the channel and give it a thumbs up.
A.M.U.N.I, D.I.M.B.I, K.A.R.E.I.N.G.I.L.A, I.M.I.V.I.A, A.P.A.P.E.N.E.
Erio, Nakate moa sana, okwangala momenshi.
That's all for now, I'll see you in the next video. Bye!
Aka moana, aka anakashi, karettu loka keeka, mumenchi.
That's it for today. See you next time.
Hello Monica, how are you?
Awe nishka kali, aka kula iwila anemibia, awe kwena nishni insa la pushi.
Omoana aletolo kera mumenshi va mubiki de mubeseni.
Nafuti, Kuri naifimiti kunu maya kaku.
Cheshenka, what are you doing here? I'm here to tell you that if you want to go to Kashaana, you have to call the police. If you don't want to go to Kashaana, you have to call the police. Do you understand what I mean?
Le Shen Kowalanda. Fowarupanga. Ehudokwari foalanii femutiihimgi. Efiya titikanaka oefeembi, fia ri paatu kanaa. Ero po vaabi, kilatien piherua. Waibi' kaputu apa ra kwa titomaba.
Then we're gonna call a pango. In Chen de, bari chingri dan a ulu pango, ulu aritu shinbi, utwa kata pa kata pa. Eri yo, ulu pango lupi fie.
Aba chai chibabiri da kutidula uwa chilumendo no uwa chikashana Bele kunchende kumokubabika ifua kwangasha da kutifua kuperumako Ushena umona ichin pero fo chimutu edo uwa chilumendo
Namboyo inyomlumendo. Kulifyo alepweneka, Pantunalo lekecha lwali rumbi.
Thank you so much for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it.
The main things that you should do are, you should wear a white shirt, a hat, a hat, and a hat.
Thank you for watching and have a nice day!
Umukoshi na fuwaramu gulungu nangula nek cheni bae wa mchenge deshi
Thank you for watching. See you soon.
Umulumendo alayin bayinimbo.
Ali, lemba nefyaku i lemba pamubili.
Voim. Aba Aba Ntum. Bale Moneka Akwati. Pali Umoana Naba Fiasi.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Oh, I wish you have a fiasch if you have a pavanah avanah cash the inbibale Muloresha okumonanga regita if you don't get me
Thank you very much for watching this video, I hope you enjoyed it.
Thank you for watching and see you next time.
Stata arenda pagatia fikuru anabika naramiya kukutui.
Poonu Makuli na Abaantu Wabili Abale Enda.
Pantanshi parinaka cheda ake minene naka kuatana mawiro yane.
Umuananawharairirompa
Thank you very much.
Kumukashana Naikata Uturuvi Ero Are Iimba
Thank you very much. This is the end of this video. Thank you very much.
I hope you enjoyed this video. I'll see you in the next one. Bye!
We are free to lay imba and you have a be able to lay the sheaf in imba.
Ah we, now we know that Monika's not going to be able to make it. I'm sure she'll be able to do it.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one.

Thank you very much, I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Oyuwa chai chaboi ne mumona, ale angadira mumenshi, elu nafwara na ka kaputula, akepi, aka makumbi makumbi, chirepala ale umfabuino, kwa angadira mumenshi.
Yaduwa me inchende, kabili filmu ti fia buko fia yu ti tikan e chine chine. Kabili kwaalifula, e filmu ti kabili fia funda.
We'll see you at the end of this video. Until then, good bye.
Yeah, this is a good time for a way to wash that down, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it.
I start the video with the Elisha. I'm a banjo.
No money to worry room be there. I want to go along in it
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Chila Murumendo, Alinomukashana, Chile Moneka Ukukushana, Kuakushana Babili Babili.
Icho, cha chini. Eryo nabari mupepi. Bale mune kakuati. Bali te mua ukusha nabamu.
Chachi Nemuni, Pakubala, Achumonakwati, Wale Itomona.
Now, I'm going to show you how to cut a piece of paper.
It is a state-of-the-art and it will develop in the future. That is what we are looking forward to.
I am not sure if this is the right way to do it. I am not sure if this is the right way to do it.
Sitata le sosakuri namayo na sitata mochekuluwa.
If you want to learn more, please visit the link in the description below.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next one. Bye!
I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please like and subscribe. Thank you.
Havana, Avalumendo, Valetea, Bola, Yakumolu
The a a a a A a a a a A A A a A A A A A A A A A A A A A
Chi-le-mo-ne-ka-kwa-chi-wa-le-te-ya-u-ma-nga-lo-ma-ko-chi-n-fi-a-na
Wakatea bambina bafoala ifia makumbi makumbi ero bambina bafoala ifia buta.
But I don't know if I'm going to be able to do it, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
Navo Ababu, Dana Batoroka, Ukuruira Omupira, Urimumuru.
Aya Mune, Eriobon Se, Wale Muneika, Awaka Nchiwa, Mukuinba.
Icho, Chachini, Nakumpela, Kuri, Abalu Mendo, Bo Onse, Abale Monika, Usaka Usaka.
Wa kemba wale emba, na ifta busi ani imboku minui.
Muni. Muati na umuna ukuti ilati. Ba kemba na wafuala i fi apalana.
Nakulubangtu, ali no mwa nawa kwe pamusebo balenida.
Konuma Kulinéchi Mbaya Mbaya Chatu Obulukila
Uyukashana nomuana aakwe, wale fuma mumusebo, wale konekera mumusebo umbi ua kukuso.
I want to say that I have been living here for seven years. I have been living here since I was a child. I have been living here since I was a child.
Shish tata nanamayo naway kumbata.
Thank you very much for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, please leave them in the comments section below.
Hello, Uyomu Putule, Ule Moneka, Umo Afita. Mulife Ila itilimo, ilire sanikira wonse.
Thank you very much for watching this video.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Emukwai uyu eka fundisha mukadam babakwata, owae shibisha ukupanga ishyasidimba, ukulungisha alarungisha.
Eumkwae, ukuchi in fiyakuri eva ko umu en shule isa e icho a va na bonse eva fwile weishi we e fiyakupanga e chidimba.
Nimbuna ala nawa funduwala pamuluwa waka waluen. Uri pandan shufu lecha kashika e uri lechin fia.
Thank you very much. It has been a pleasure. I hope you enjoyed the video. I hope you enjoyed it. If you like the video, give it a thumbs up. I would be very happy if you could subscribe to the channel. Thank you very much. See you soon. Goodbye.
The problem is that you don't know who you're talking to. You don't know who you're talking to.
Hey, if you don't want to go to school, you can't go to school. If you don't want to go to school, you can't go to school.
I don't know what you're talking about.
In futishila pangechon gonga bashidisha, limbi etcho abikileko ifyakushin kama twidintu aledisha.
Thank you for watching and see you next time.
Omontuna tondeka infuti, alefoya ukshuta etchpepe lakuntansh.
Thank you for watching.
Nomba Wushe, Uyuwinemunakasharewumbe Nongo, Uyuwufwerexatidabuturukiderenetoroshideafita, Ninongo Shamsangoshaanyarewumba.
Thank you for watching.
Thank you for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it. If you have any questions, please leave a comment below. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you next time.
Abalomendo wabidi wali pamu changa, kabidi wali atea e changa lo.
Thank you for watching this video. If you like this video, please give it a thumbs up and share it with your friends and family.
If you have any questions or other problems, please post them in the comments section below.
Umau me umu afwere fia kashika, diena umau me umbi afwere shati diabu turukira.
Ichi, icho, uyo, maume, anini, nepo, chilemo, neka, kuatzi, chie, wato, icha, pa, meishi, ichao, naika, kabili, chekwete, ilanghi, iya, makombi, makombi.
BOSHE, NIFEINSHI FEMBI, IFIDI UKUKUCHIFURO, UKURIU YUMUAUME, UWAMUSHI SHUWIIPI, KABIRIWA FITTA
For those who are not aware, the next stage is the second stage. We will have to go through that stage, and then we will go to the next stage. Those who are not aware, the next stage is the third stage.
Umawme, who fell each time people each time a combi-macombi Netoloshi, Ilya, Wutuluka, Naniina, Palichimo, Ichintu.
If you have any questions, please feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.
Now we are going to show you how to make a
kumpera kuremonika amayanda
Kutali ruutu e kuli mulu mendo alenda
Nafuala Kaputula Nesha Achi
Umurumendo are angara pakaplanga akama wiro.
Ume Ume Umo'a Utenkanda Ale'e Tomon'o Umubi'e Ku'i Itobo
I hope you liked the video, and I'll see you in the next one.
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed the video.
Ewechishinka, Numbachikankala, Okuchingila, Okuchila, Okuposha.
My name is Shuba and I am a teacher. I am a teacher at Tampa College. My name is Monica and I am a teacher.
Thank you for watching. If you like this video, don't forget to like it and share it with your friends.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Thank you for watching this video, if you like this video, please subscribe to my channel and click the bell icon to get notified about my new videos.
Thank you for watching and see you next time.
Olya M.Mumulu, Nikapiku, Wig, Wafita, Filiafisote Wafuala, Vanensu.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. I don't know if I'll be able to do it.
Uyumolomendo, Ufue de Ichisote, Aleangala.
Murumendo alleged amangaro yakubutuka.
Muromendo umo kuno ma nai kara aletamba a mangalo.
Ero kunu mai akue kuri ii wumbari awa anju.
Thank you for watching and see you next time.
Wushe. Bale mwenek ashaani.
Omukashana na alala ukuseneeme, eri omolumendo alipomolwa omukashana na mukumbatila.
Umolumen donom kashana nabalam balalapafiani muchivansa.
Avarumendo, balimuchibansachafiangalo, balitea ichangalo.
Thank you for watching. If you liked this video, please give it a thumbs up. And don't forget to subscribe to our channel.
Thank you for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it. If you have any questions, feel free to ask me in the comments.
Thank you. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, please like and subscribe.
Muka Shana, Apu, Sere Amano, Padi, Aka Mupila, Eko, Areru, Risha.
Nafuala na kakosa kominu i kaafita.
Thank you for watching this video.
My name is Shana. I am from Makumbi, Makumbi, and I live in Bhutan. I am a mother of two children, and I am a mother of three children.
Namaayo alipamulundu alayangala nembwa palunkutu alayi posela imbwa kantu erio imbwa ilesha ukwanka
Inboale anga shana yo, naa yaa samuna naa kanwa. Eryo badi fuika naa umushipi ua kashika mumukoshi.
Namayonai Kalapaenshi, Nafungurula, Nukubuku, Kwakukulion.
Kunu maya mbuwa kuli ifi muti na afi wunga na pamu, ifi akatapa katapa.
Thank you very much for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it. See you in the next video.
Now I'm going to show you how to cut it.
Kabili Alina Imbwa Iyabutulukila na Ayasamuna Akanwa
Ooshi, finch u mua na kashadech tena imbuwa?
Umuanakashina posamumuluakantuakalemunikaakakashika
you could be really abalumendo, kule moneka istolo, mule moneka amavoku.
Umu Mudi Utuban na Mudi Awa Umiwa Tatu, Wabiri na Wakonka na Walinda.
Each tolo iri rimu chikuluwa le moneka o kuba rimu, eri o, bia kuwata ifia kushtisha ifia psanap sana.
Omo, mulemonika, nimuchkuluwa, ichakwata, amashtolo, ayapsanapsana.
I'm going to post the link in the description below.
Edio Cavidi, Uyumwana, Afoma Momenchi.
Thank you for watching.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Namae oa wu tenkanda alete o mupilo oa kuminoe.
ウシェニンチェンディシャムサンゴンシェイコウィンガサンガバテオユンピラ。
Oyu, Temuchangosanguakumbaliamumanaio, the law adivikonabantumuncheindeshakutelamo kukupashanyuakokumbaliamumana.
Thank you for watching and don't forget to like the video and subscribe to the channel.
Pali ichi ichi kope, Pali umwa nakashi, Naka pushi aka mafufu, Aya wu tuluki la.
Wushe, unyomwa na kashi. Achi tira shan, pa menso. Irya ka apushi. Ka musuma.
If you need to feel safe, feel free to contact us.
Kanshiposhi Nangwala Soma
Limbi kontu abana kabara, limbi natina mumbafu.
Uyumukashana na thinfya pamenso ukulangirira ukutti na unfwa ukali.
Pushe fenshi uyu umwa naka shi, alechita naka pushe, pame nso!
Aposhi nakasuma uyu umwa nakashi pamona nameno yakako.
Now I'm going to show you how to do it in the same way as I did in the previous video.
But if you're ready, we've got moma capo.
Kunumaya Bo Kulemonika Avan Tuna Bo Balesta Pufumomu Isitolu
Mle Mleka Mlenechakurya umu umu chukuruwa
We'll see you in the next video.
Umusungu Aripanchinga
Nafuala na magalashia fita. Nech sote chakwichi ngididako.
Yeah, Muni. Hello, Munika. How are you, Kanshiwa-san?
What's now Mona? If you're you or the pandan she? upon the many Lintu a leaf wire. Oh, come on Camu Pela Okay, one fear. It's in to change to a quickie. I mean, oh, yeah, okay
NEMBO NECH CHIBANSA WAICHI PANGAWENU KAICHIRIAMUNEKAWENU KAWIRII VARIBIALANOLUNKOTO KAI PALUNKOTO VAI DEMBA PUEFIA WUKUGUNFIAI FIAWUTA KAWI PAKACHI TAPARIFIAOLUNKOTO LELOPO PALETTEI DIAICHANGALO
I want to Valete Changalo Muchiwansa Chafiangalo Lelwechee Changalo Valete Nichiria Ichakuma Kampila Bushi, Bushinau Monefo Chibansi Chire Moneka
Cheshinga, Uyurikonuma, Alefokuyikata, Akamupila, Elio, Kulinawanto, Avengiawe, Shiremukutamba, Avengipariawa, Bafuerefiafita.
This is Chiremoneka. This is what we are going to talk about today. This is what we are going to talk about today. This is what we are going to talk about today.
I hope you enjoyed this video and I will see you in the next one. Bye for now.
I hope you liked this video. See you in the next one.
Now we are going to cut the fish into small pieces.
Mokashi yandu mui laba, ta muli poma la iti, muli fie miti, lole keshia, ha ha ha ha.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Umo, Naseinama, Ukomkelepo, Alayangulecha, Kulia, Wane, Navekala.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Akaakawa akaamadui ayakurunganshi, kariangara nakaamute akaanolo.
Aka waka nono, aka kuiti ama tui aya kulu. Kalei loli shaka amuti, eku kalei angasha.
Kaili. Aka akabwa aka nono, na aka kuata nomutwe ubukulu, na kamubili aka nono.
Kairi, Nepokaria Angarira, Paryu, Utumavoda, Utunono, Utuwauma.
Yeah, but I don't know if I'm going to be able to make it to the end of the year.
Fintu Aletin, Tananoyu Kaba, Lunarimwe, Untua, Womba, Nangum, Mangalore, Abukok, Chimfian, Nabambi.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Chile Monega Kwati, Uyushitata, Emuinewetuka, Iri, Eru, Alashtisha, Inama, Isisumasanu.
Okubakwena Arikwata Omubonsi Omo Lelo Taliwomba Pantu Taliwomfawinu
Thank you so much for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video.
She thought I'll leave the table, and I'm going to go to bed.
I want one bwari mumbari, yamusewu wale tamba kofi.
Once the palm of a lewutuka by the chinel body
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
Bushema Ngaro Yamsa Ngonchi Ukwabaru Mendo Naba Kashiya Nabadi
Aba khashana naba lumendo aba kuluwadi kuma angalo.
Wambi awantu wale ndase mumusebo nabena wale dambako uko wale utuka.
Yeah, yeah. Church is a big city. But it's not a place to live. It's not a place to eat and sleep.
Eriokulina wa ome, abakonkeleko, nabena wa leotuka.
Thank you for watching.
Ha ha ha ha ha. Nibbo Nanza, alayama angalo yaa pusa ulanaba kuru. Kua tifiye vaiche.
So that's all I have for you today, I'll see you in the next video.
You will need to go to the toilet and you will need to wash your hands before you go to the toilet. Be sure to wash your hands before you go to the toilet.
I have a lot of things to eat, to drink and to drink. I have a lot of things to eat, to drink and to drink.
Thank you very much. I hope you enjoyed the video.
The Monarchs of the Lake of the Monarchs. The Monarchs of the Lake of the Monarchs.
Thank you very much for watching this video.
