Now, let's start the process.
If you don't have earphones, you don't have to buy a new one.
A Kamaana Nake Miya Okuru Mumuru, Okuru Isha Okutoba Aka Plan
This is what I'm going to show you. This is what I'm going to show you. This is what I'm going to show you.
Awao mewari pamutenge yangan da umo afuere ishatsu yami to mito Iriyama boku ayatari ero ne toroshi Iriyama kumbi makumbi
If you ever go to a concert, if you go to a concert, you'll see a lot of people singing and dancing.
Namayu Arendamumusebo Nabi Kanumwana Pamawea
I don't know. I don't know. I've never seen a woman like you before. I've never seen a woman like you before. I've never seen a woman like you before.
Now we are ready to eat the Pambare. Let's eat.
Nangulimbi, gulivamu avamu furuise.
This is the first time I've ever seen a fish eat a fish like this before I've ever seen a fish eat a fish like this before.
Come on, I can't be better than full of amazapato-kuri and full of shawava.
I'm going to make a fire so that it doesn't burn. I'm going to make a fire so that it doesn't burn.
If you want to learn how to make your own food, you can learn how to make your own food. Or you can learn how to make it. I'm not going to think about it.
No, I'm not going to tell you what I'm going to tell you.
Eri o Pachi Bomba Bari Kobeka po ichi laiti, icha koata ama lembo, icha kasana no kobeka
Hmmm, I don't know. Is he out of his mind? He's a different kind of person. He's out of his mind. He's all out of his mind.
I'm going to show you the front side of the table. You can see the front side of the table. You can see the front side of the table.
I hope you liked this video because I will see you in the next video, bye.
I'm gonna cover it for kuma. I'm gonna cover it for kuma.
If you like this video, please like, share and subscribe to my channel.
In the name of the Lord, the most Gracious, the most Merciful, the most Merciful, the most Merciful.
We'll see you in the next video.
This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching.
That's all for today. I hope you enjoyed watching this video. See you in the next video.
Thank you so much for watching, I'll see you in the next video, thank you for watching until the end of December.
Thank you very much for watching this video.
Thank you very much for watching this video. See you in the next video.
If you don't want to add water, add a little bit of water.
If you take part of what you were left with, you'll be able to do it.
Thank you very much for watching, please subscribe and hit the bell icon to get notified when I upload new videos.
Panshi pali omuchanga owing inganshi pali nefi shirofiamakasa
If you don't have a good feeling about it, please let me know in the comments.
This is the end of this video. See you in the next video.
The color is the same as the one in the other side. The color is the same as the one in the other side.
Ava Rumendo Ava, Parifin Tuvalet Damba, Eronafibapa Pushasana.
This is the first time I've done a tutorial on how to make a hat with a hat I'm going to show you how to make a hat with a hat I'm going to show you how to make a hat with a hat
This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching.
How are you? I don't know. I don't remember.
In the name of God, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful.
Shimbinsaru Shirishapetwagwinomitomisekegutonono
This is the first time I've done this kind of work.
Aque tech soselo, itch aque imbila kolu imbolu aque, kabili chich soselo, chiduk kashi imbiaka imi kwa.
That's Monika, that's Invenimbo, and that's Monika Filimba.
Awa Wanto, Wemeni, Nenabaro, Semiwil, Kunchen, Diokure, Fuma, Uruwemba, Stata, Monabikok, Bokomui, Tumba, Erawun, Binai, Kadefipar, Irenga, Iwotor, Omumenu.
Elio Kavirina y Fumioro Dimipan Serena Luponene Guadirumor.
Thank you so much for watching my video, I hope you enjoyed it and I will see you in the next video.
I hope you enjoyed this video and I hope you enjoyed the rest of the video.
This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching.
KKT Inwinaya Kwangasha earplastic kumaboko yaka ko.
If you want to know more about me, please leave a comment below and I'll see you in the next video.
My name is Fualide Yawemonto, and I'm from Yonsi, and I'm from Pekwenda, Ukawomba.
Pantanshi yamukashiana pade moneka untuna unbi
Boshie! Uyumwana! Ua chayche! Eminine shani? Iriale sambirira? No kueshe changaro chakwe!
If you don't know how to cut a fish, you can use a knife or a knife to cut it.
Now we are going to add a little bit of oil and then we are going to add a little bit of each cup and then we are going to mix it well
Alamune, usumassana, leon foafi.
Valet Iliacquatta cosi uvasia ubonono, leilono nava bombe rapomkwai.
Tshishinka, Eryo, Nava is okra, once Nava foala, if imponpo, Nava pa pefiola, Eryo, ne fiampeponakarimo, inchen liaritalala.
The name of the plant is Palupiri Apatari. It is a plant that has been used for a long time.
Tanshi palina ifi mutti ifi or ifi abafi mumbalia fi koulwal.
Pan tan siya kue, padim bade, apadine fya kulia, fyo limbi acidadia, y fyo asirepo.
Wish I come to get the half-meow coo-ee-sa.
Mumbari yamusebo muli isyani isyai yemba Kabiri kukusu koakwe kuri isyipuna isyai langi diakashika isyo watantamike
That's all for this video. Thank you for watching. If you have any questions or other questions, feel free to ask. See you in the next video.
Narimo, could you have a bite of a pirapamenshi?
This is the end of this video. See you in the next video. See you in the next video. See you next time.
If you have any questions, please leave them in the comments below.
Eroca video you want me not a girl a lasana Who's she going? Who's a little about that ponziapa? I don't think she's going to come in with me
So, that's all for now. I'll see you in the next video. See you in the next video.
Aukwena kumwentura kwaakwe uiuna maio kuli ukuansan sanganshi.
If you don't have enough water, you can use a kitchen towel to dry it.
So, I am going to cut the gulunggong and I am going to cut the gulunggong and I am going to cut the gulunggong
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
And ita e no colamba fee a la chalila ambasanna
Avanto, vare muchikorua, muriñali, shingimu mulu.
That's all for now. I'll see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
Cherepala kori uko baika kiire.
Thank you very much for watching this video. I will see you in the next video.
Eh, when a church in each o'aland, a pantou yomukashana, ale monika fyo an sansa.
Tailemonika ii asensamuka ii nimbu
He enchained Deva Namaevad to my Obisam Kulila.
Now I'm going to make a human body with my body.
If you want to make it easy, you can use a pan or a kitchen towel. If you don't have a kitchen towel, you can use a kitchen towel.
Utuwa na utturi mutanda, tturi mumenshi tureyangalam, natu sabahushan namenshi.
The bread is ready to be served.
Thank you very much for watching this video, I hope you enjoyed it.
A manakashwatatuna, wemeni navare, munturi rava re bomba, erukun mayawu, kuri fi milchi.
Imbua, Irimumpanga, umuremoneka, ifyani, ifyauma, mukamusebo, aka nono umuri, aka mufo'olo.
Thank you very much for watching this video. Thank you very much for watching this video. Thank you very much for watching this video.
Elio imboa, intuya koata, amasako, aya wo uta.
and I will not be able to do it. I will not be able to do it. I will not be able to do it.
This is the end of this video, thank you for watching.
If you don't have money, you can use your dad's money to buy you a shirt. You can use your dad's money to buy you a shirt. You can use your dad's money to buy you a shirt.
Chubansach into Alethe La Motilich Kalambanganshi.
I hope that you have enjoyed this video. I hope that you enjoyed it. I am Alala and I hope that you will enjoy this video. I will see you in the next video.
We're going to do the same for the other side.
We've reached the end of the video. Thank you for watching and I'll see you in the next video!
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
Alimumu puttereo mo babashi de imbao.
Now I am going to add the margarine and the margarine
ʻUyumu ome na fawana makalashi, ka bici ome ne ka pari isu aruro nisha pandan shiakui. Kabee na fawana kuboko, aka makumbi makumbi.
So on se, shirei butuka!
This is the end of this video. Thank you very much for watching.
A bantu, nabe mi nina, umode mo nega koate, nemuchi san kano. Mudi a bantu, a bengi, unchen dei nei.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
If you like this video, don't forget to like it and subscribe to my channel.
I hope you enjoyed this video and I will see you in the next video.
Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next video.
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed it.
Karyamoneka, Akan-san-sa, Okumu-en-afie, Okumu-en-tura-pakanua, Kafuide, Kaidina-bate-mui-kwa, Aba-kuru.
Thank you very much for watching, see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching and I'll see you in the next video.
I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say.
I will see you in my next video.
I'm gonna use this to wrap my hair. I'm gonna use it for my hair. I'm gonna use it for my hair. I'm gonna use this for my hair.
Moura and Dunshi, don't say to shifuadide, fiyaku fuara fiyaku mouru.
Thank you so much for watching. I'll see you in the next video.
This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
My name is Bari, I'm from Kuala Lumpur. I live in Chayimba. I live outside of Mofini. I'm from Mofini, I'm from Mofini, I live outside of Mofini.
Hi everyone, I'm Mina. Today I'm going to show you how to make a recipe.
Uyumulmendo Mushirica
Hey boy, I want to talk to you about something that I want to talk to you about. What's your name? Molo Subam.
If you don't want to go to school, you have to go to school. If you don't want to go to school, you have to go to school.
Cheshinka Erio Nintemu Fumichikura Muley Monika Maka Maka Iweti Wombachi Ley Monika Taku Ley Monika Kua Akarifiko Akari Kwanse
Who's here? Nifini, she's our one to one. Barret, takuri, ii, ii, ii, ii, ii, ii, ii, ii, ii.
Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you.
In Boa, here in Amofu Fuyamalangiaville, here in Fita, here in Vulta.
Thank you very much for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you in the next video.
In Bashiweli, in Bikulu, and in Nainbi, in Ono, Shiri Kompanga, Okuli, Ithimutti, Eryo, Namavula, Banshin.
Thank you very much for watching this video. Please subscribe to the channel if you like it. See you in the next video.
This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching. See you in the next video.
Start off with the incandana and we're going to restore it.
Thank you very much for listening to my story.
Come on, I'm gonna show you what I do for my money.
This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Padi Ava, Pata Tuna Vemina, Caviar e Lanshanya, Coffimo.
I'm going to add some lemon juice. And then I'm going to mix it up.
This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching and see you next time.
Thank you for watching. We will see you in the next video. Bye.
Imbua iaume, ire koe la urupiri.
This is how it should look like. If you don't know how to use it, you can use it as a mirror. You can also use it as a mirror. You can use it as a mirror.
I'm going to show you how to make the sauce, and I'm going to show you how to make it
Thank you so much for watching this video. Thank you very much for watching this video. See you in the next video.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that, but I'm going to have to go back to school.
I'm going to make a small hole in the back. I'm going to make a hole in the back. I'm going to make a small hole in the back.
If you want to know more about this video, click on the link in the description below.
This is what you need to know about kata pa kata pa.
In Guayi, quenavari, fundawinokubene.
I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you very much. See you in the next video.
This time, I'm going to make a cup of coffee.
Jason Kasan, Edo Kaveri, Murikunama Koti, Edo Kuri Kono Murumendo Ui Menee, Ua Chaije, Chiparedo Koti, Arelonda, Ie Myanfuri.
Start with a thin layer of brown sugar, then add the rest of the mixture to the pan.
Yeah, I'm in there Mona. Oh, cool. I'll go back and be rich. I'm boy Okay, but you can I'll keep it up some ups and ups and up
In Boa, he's a Masana. He's a Masako, and he's a Kabila Yengi. He's motivated, and he's a Angala. I hope you enjoyed watching this video.
This is the first time I'm using a new case, so I'm going to use this one to make a new one.
Elio van Binawo, Walei Angalaseen.
I'm going to let you know that I love you and I'm going to cut you off.
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you in the next video.
This is the first time I've seen a person like him in a house like this. This is the first time I've seen a person like him in a house like this.
I don't know what I'm doing. I'm just trying to get out of my house. I don't know what I'm doing. I'm just trying to get out of my house.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
Thank you so much for watching, see you in the next video
I don't know, I don't know what I'm saying. If you don't understand what I'm saying, if you don't understand what I'm saying, you're going to die in the pyramid. You're going to die in the pyramid.
Wish you a very long and a very end up at Fiany.
Kounu manako kuryabantu bambia bale eindela, nabuna aba pikinti ka nama pangea abo.
Thank you so much for watching this video, see you in the next video
I don't know what I'm doing here. I don't know what I'm doing here.
Hello, how are you? I am very good. I hope you are doing well. Thank you.
Bushoku Toloka Aled Toloka, kuaku c'in fianya?
Now for our if you're for if caramba it all she nice
Thank you very much for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed this video and I hope you enjoyed it.
This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
I hope you enjoyed the video. See you in the next video.
Ababa Lumendo won't survive it, but I'll let you know so I won't. Kuleu Mupila is a basket ball.
Chifuile, ulubali luakwe eva le chilika abanabo.
Thank you very much for watching this video. I hope you have enjoyed this video. See you in the next video.
I hope this video helped you to learn how to make pancitayak kasuwa.
Hello everyone, this is Maya Ambuei. Today I'm going to show you how to make a Tua Talu Kana.
Thank you for watching.
This is the only way to get rid of the blood and blood of the animals. This is a way to get rid of the blood and blood of the animals.
Mom, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.
Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.
Chlemonica Quartina Vanto Navesa Muktamba Omopila Oyunelionavida
Yeah, but it's just a mathy mathy, isn't it?
at the location of Muruta, Kuete, Nesheetsi.
I'm going to wash the water in a can. I'm going to wash the water in a can.
This is the first time I've ever seen an image like this in my life. This is the first time I've seen an image like this in my life.
Umi otoka, shire pitana, momo sumba umoi nenabantu.
Now that I think about it, I think it's time to go to bed.
I feel like I'm going to have to go to the hospital. Oh, I'm going to have to go to the hospital.
I hope you enjoyed this video and I will see you in the next video Thank you very much Goodbye
Thank you very much for watching this video and see you in the next video.
Chachi ne muni. Pantunga takan shiwa kuti aba no mo inso.
Once I'm ready, now I'm going to put it in a bowl.
Akawa Kale Toloka Ichinbi
This is the end of the video. Thank you for watching.
So, that's it for today, thank you for watching!
I'm going to use a brush to draw the shape of the window. I'm going to use a brush to draw the shape of the window.
Thank you very much for watching this video, see you in the next video.
I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you for watching.
I'll leave a link in the description box below for you to check it out.
I don't know. I don't know.
If you want to learn more about this video, please leave a comment down below and I'll see you in the next video.
I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed it and I will see you in the next video.
If you don't have it, you can use it to make changal or chakutera chakutera
Now I am going to show you how to make a maripachin trichakshi.
I'll call you in a car, no, no, no, I don't want to call you a fat guy, but a fat guy.
I hope you liked the video. Thank you very much for watching. I hope you enjoyed the video. See you in the next video. Goodbye.
Avaana, Vadiwatatu, Omomuru Mendo, Edo Vaviri, Vakashana.
Eryo Kaviri, Nakemiya, Nama Kofi, Iyo, Kareere, Anshi, Ushikoe, Nafinshi, Karei Chita, Apapanshi, Kareere.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do this, but I'm going to do it.
We should see what's in there, not gonna ask for sana.
I don't know if you can hear me or not, but I don't know if you can hear me or not, but I don't know if you can hear me or not.
Imbua irikuru rambalu ammana ireyangara
Vale moneca cuati, vale tambikisha e fio, avalumendo, vale teo mopira.
Now we are going to start the process. You have to mix the egg white with the egg yolk, and you have to mix it with the egg yolk so that it does not stick to each other.
Wow, man. Two dumbasses with no sense of honor. C'mon, man.
Thank you very much for watching. See you in the next video.
Thank you very much for your time, and I will see you in the next video.
This is the end of the video. See you in the next video.
This is the end of this video. I hope you enjoyed it. See you in the next video. Goodbye.
We should finish one more night at the edge, okay?
Sit down here and we'll see you in the next video.
Now we will add the aubergine mix into the pan and let it cook for about 1 minute.
The Kuala Lumpur region is one of the most important regions of the region.
If you want to learn more, you can go to www.ukokarefumapantu.com
I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it.
I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you very much for watching and I will see you in the next video.
Vali bhanamayo, batatou. No moa ome omoa.
Okulundapo Nakwate Mishishi Kumutwe Isha Pula Pampumi Nayo Insta Yabushku
Avengi valine ftambala, bushe moulan dunshu.
Now, for an egg saute, check with a chingira and pepper to an egg that is not too soft.
Alla ingunda muni sila munika isyabusaka busaka Nefisabu uta
Numba Chakpapusha Echo Aleyle Uyudamayo Paish
This is the first time I've done this, and I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it. If you don't know how to do it, you can just click on the link in the description.
More Mendo Adi Mumuela Let's get the bottle Now, here's Mumuela
Thank you very much for watching and I will see you in the next video.
Hey money I live with you if you if you never feel you come to my uncle
So I'm going to show you how to do it in the next video.
Basta tabambi, balayola she filet chika
I'm going to make it a little bit longer so you can see where it is.
I'm going to show you how to do it.
Avalumendo varetea uvangalo uvakuma kantu nefimuti ninshi mulesherera pamenshi ayakosa.
In Fualanshi, here in Monika Quatchi, in the area of Icha-ni, Ichiri Pense, there is a ring called Ikaramo. You can also use it to make Panshi.
It's time to go back to school.
I'll understand. I said myself. I'll understand. I'll understand. You're my question. I'm a Turkish.
Pachupuna itchakatapa katapa pariamoneka na pekarabantu, iro pambariachko parutun chinga oturu pokuachitowa itchevene.
Ale moneca quati, quiri e fiali luli si acuntanci.
Boy, you won't marry to look at the Mukamana. I don't know if you're actually a good girl for me. I like my laundry, but I don't know how. I don't know how I look at the guy.
Thank you very much for watching, this is Maneka Ichimuti Ichaoma, thank you very much for watching.
Thank you very much.
kumbhari alubansa, kuri linga, nempongroya katapa katapa
I'm going to make a little bit of a dough. I'm going to put the dough in the pan and I'm going to put it in the pan. I'm going to put it in the pan.
Okay, umu piro yukuena. Wate ya umu kukudio na umbi omu nitu kukusu, huh?
Nimbuna, Natchi-chasa-mei-chichin-bichi-kwete-utwa-bouda, Pamu-biri, Natchi-chasa-ma-sana-kukanokwati, chide-fokusuma-i-nankwe.
Now, I'm going to add this to the pan.
I'm not a monkey, I'm a pecan, I'm not a fox, I'm not a fox, I'm not a fox
This is not a good idea. I think it's a good idea to have a good idea of what's going to happen next. I think it's a good idea to have a good idea of what's going to happen next.
Bimbi, Areptinocuponapenginga
Bambali panino tumutu utu nono utu lemoneka tumbi utua uma ko pano nono
If you want to be able to do it, you can do it. You can do it. You can do it. You can do it. You can do it.
That's all for now. See you in the next video. Goodbye.
Thank you very much for watching, if you like this video, don't forget to like, share and subscribe.
I'm going to use this one because I don't want it to be too thick.
Ava, varya monika kvati vakashi navarume, navekada, navanavavaviri avaume.
Gaputa utuntutunono tureululuka kufuma kukaruwa aleputa
Uyushi kurubantu umkorochi aleverenga ichpepala chamariashi ichoeke te muminuea koe.
NINSHI WONSEI WAKUETE INCHINGA ISHINONO
Now cut the loquat in half and you'll have to cut the bottom part of the loquat in the same way as the other one.
Amanda Katuissi ingata cheli ruwe firiaba anamayo moaba. Leilo alinu ukui lolesia mutirola ni pakui biutula.
My name is Alavalei Chinda Winosana. I'm from Pusana. I'm from Fiafita. I'm from Fiafita. I'm from Fiafita.
A matui aiko, nai abomba, ya reto nyanamenshi.
I'm going to show you how to make this dish. I'm going to show you how to make it and I'm going to show you how to make it.
So, that's all for this video. Until next time, stay safe, and stay safe.
Honsei, Barifia, Bansamsa, Eriu, Abamu and Tula.
Hello everyone, this is Monica Fierro Casquilla.
I'm going to show you how to do it in a little bit of a video.
Thank you very much for watching this video, I'll see you in the next video.
Push E engine devaluee lako wangaru wakui punya panshi
I'll have to mend over there and go
I don't know what I'm talking about. I don't know what I'm talking about.
and I will see you in the next video.
This is the first time I've ever seen a person like this in my life, and this is the first time I've ever seen a person like this in my life.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Kunumakurina Kapuna Eryona Ithiani.
We're going to go to the other side of the river, and we're going to go to the other side of the river.
Elio Ababatato, Navanina, Pachakoba, Pelusha.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Hey hey hey, I'm not sure if I should go to school or not. I don't think I'll be able to go to school.
Thank you very much for your time.
Bushene Finge, M.C. Cominuei
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed watching this video. I hope you enjoyed watching this video. I hope you enjoyed watching this video. See you next time.
Paliva Lumendo Ravili, Nelio Umo, Nafua Alana, Kasote.
Asana varinavala ambapam biri kumulanduna machu pa
No more of a avant-garde, and I'm not even gonna come up with it, to look it up.
I'm going to show you how to make a winger. I'm going to show you how to make a winger.
Avantoane nawe kala pamawe, abadi kuku liobana kashi, erio abadi kuku sou. Waume.
Hello, how are you? I hope you are doing well. Today I am going to show you how to make Nifia Katapa Katapa.
Kuli ama motoka ayambi pamusevo apa.
Thank you very much for watching and I will see you in the next video.
Awa wa nawatatu, balai peka nyok torokela pameshi, okutila vambi okoela, umau ripom kuru sana, na torokana mumuru, kuriko ne chikuru wa ichi tarikun tanfu, yachi furo wariko.
Wooshin, tapari nangu fimo i fio aleti ta?
Thank you very much for your time.
Number one, sir, watch the moon too. Now, quit if you're a pussy, and if you're a lechter. Bushena, umona.
This is the end of this video, thank you for watching and I'll see you in the next video.
Gaffines filet de ticca
Now I'm going to add the ginger and garlic and I'm going to let it cook for a while until it's golden brown.
And I'm going to paint with the same color as the other one.
Ok, thank you very much for watching this video, see you in the next video.
Maana Kashi, oli, Pantanshi, Navika, Ifiakulia, Pramilo, Moeakui.
Akamu Lumendo, Aka Iche, Nakamoana, Aka Anakashi, Paritamba, Inama.
Hello Alimo Fieka. Katwishing Avantu Alelu Leila at Ben Gidemo Elochambe Okwenda.
If you don't know how to do it, don't forget to subscribe to our channel.
This is the first time I've done a video on how to do this. This is the first time I've done a video on how to do this. I'll show you how.
That's why I'm going to show you how to do it.
This is the first time I've ever seen a person like this in my life. This is the first time I've ever seen a person like this in my life.
Kukusoko amulumento kure wa manikakwati kuri milundo, delota shale pasana.
This is the first time I've done this, I'm going to show you how to do it.
We know I'm the avant-garde in Gansu.
I hope you enjoyed this video and that you will be back with a new video.
Let's go ahead and look up at the ampere.
Thank you very much for listening to this video. I hope you enjoyed this video and I will see you in the next video.
Start time. We are the packer team. Now for the encore of Kupaku Boku and Kokuso.
Na wika na inkomaki shibiri pachintamba
If you haven't subscribed to my channel yet, please do.
HRE Monika Kohati, Tappari Avan Tupangan, Tappamua
I'm not sure if I can use this. I don't think I can use it. I'm not sure. I don't think I can use it.
This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching.
If you have any questions, feel free to post them in the comments below.
This is the first time I've ever seen a fingerlinger with a fingerlinger with a fingerlinger.
Thank you so much for watching this video, I will see you in the next video and I will see you in the next video.
Mumba lia kuika pokola, muri imi otto kashibidi, imo iya avuta, imo iya fita.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Nafu kamako ale fumiya iwi lo.
Abba kashana babiri wale buddhuka mumbariya mumana.
Abantu batatu wale angala kunchen dea kwangalila kumukatia kama sumba.
tapari po napo e kiri
Now, I'm going to put it in here so that it doesn't stick to the bottom of the pot.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
Uyuna Mayo Ashen tsuride kurishitata Nambu yushitata angasa rakofepanonno Uyuna Mayo ninshi kutsa apona
In Westatu, Shirei Angala, Palunkoto, Luakatapakatapa, Panjtayakasuga.
If you don't know, I'm going to show you how to do it.
If you want, you can add this lemon juice. You can add lemon juice if you want. But you can add pepper. You can also add turmeric and termeric powder.
Moistata, uabu, tainkanda, na fuarei kotsria fita, na kasuteka fita.
Pushnakuera Pamuriaka Pampa, Ekobabi Kira Kuchubumba Chachkuru. Aderure Shapanj.
Thank you very much for watching.
Before we start, I would like to thank you all for watching this video. Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
I am Kashana, and I am going to show you how to do it, and I will show you how to do it.
Helio Peteburo, Parinot Poto, Utwingi, Kabirikunuma, Kuri, Utumuchi.
Mombari amsevo mori fiku uluwa i fittari kawiri kurina shikuru bantu umukorochi ule enda mombari amsevo.
Shile monekha efyo pari in shita Bimba na pasah Na isula san Eri o pari na matamba na maviinbi
Mulumendongbi, Naikalako, Pakampanevo.
Thank you very much. I hope you liked this video. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you liked it. And I hope you will like this video. I hope you will enjoy this video. See you in the next video.
Nipali avantu valole la vassaja.
I'm going to go to the station to see if I can get to the station. I'm going to go to the station to see if I can get to the station.
I don't know if it's true or not, I don't know if it's true or not, I don't know if it's true or not.
Kuntan shiakue kuriakare laiti nakaaka Ebi o kuchi wumba kurinsorokoto windo neichu kope chamungeri
Thank you very much for your time, and I wish you all the best.
Shita Tawine Uyunawhala Nenbala Minui, Kabidi Aleph Miapofi Momui Tombaliakaputulakakui.
This is the end of this video, see you in the next video!
Umana nai kata ita kwangashaku mawoko.
Omukashiana, ale indana imiana banjo kuminu.
This is Kumbhariya, Kuru H.K. Rambasa, Anna. This is the first time I have visited a place like this. This is the first time I have visited a place like this.
If you have any questions, feel free to post them in the comments below.
Thank you very much for watching and see you next time.
Na foala i te rosci i afita.
Thank you very much for watching this video. See you in the next video.
So, that's it for this video. See you in the next video.
shi tata ale mumpanga ale tusha
Thank you very much for watching, have a nice day, have a nice day, have a nice day.
Hey, I'm not a cowboy. I'm not a cowboy. I'm not a cowboy.
Omo lo mendo omoare to lo ke damo moeda Van bivalde coponif pikicha
Uchefin Jifresica Okukunjende
I'm not a fan of the show. I'm not a fan of the show. I'm not a fan of the show.
Thank you very much. I will see you soon. Thank you very much for watching. Good bye, and good bye.
This is the first time I've ever seen a panchee in my life. This is the first time I've ever seen a panchee in my life.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
In Kanda, there is a Chinese man. He was born in Shiba in Nensu. He was born in one Kanda.
If you are not a good cook, you can use a stove. But if you are not a good cook, you can use a stove.
Vastataveni, Valemonika, Navkaripa. Shinsh chirengelé.
I hope you enjoyed this video, don't forget to like and subscribe!
Thank you very much for listening to this video and thank you very much for watching this video.
Momo marikeci, mori otuntemba otwingi otua ko shitsi shamo.
In and they are cool either more
Inbueshishibi-ri, shamanika shikulu sana, elopalimu e afitamasako, eloi imbina eni e akashikila, elokabili shile manika kuatipalifu shile butukila.
Now, I'm going to show you how to make this recipe.
imboa iri palung koto mucivansa.
Kuri ifi pampa, fi tatu, ifi alembwa mumusebo.
Kota-ri-ro-chew-koso-koryo-mumana
This is the first time I've ever seen a fish like this in my life. I've never seen a fish like this before.
Sh tata nakasote ka fita ne shatia makumbi makumbina imina ali kopa ifi kopi.
Now we will add the tomatoes. If you don't have tomatoes, you can use the other side. If you don't have tomatoes, you can use the other side.
Thank you very much for watching. Goodbye and see you soon.
This is the end of this video. Thank you very much for watching.
Usheniku isa ukomukashiana nomuru mendobari.
Thank you very much for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you in the next video.
This is the first time I've ever seen a person like him, and I've never seen a father like this before. I've never seen a father like this before, and I've never seen a father like this before.
Thank you very much for watching. I hope you enjoyed watching. See you next time.
What does that do? For a life, for a life, for a life.
Thank you very much for your attention.
I hope you enjoyed this video and I will see you in the next video.
Boy, money for each and every one of you. Wish you good luck. Neguisoku.
If you like this video, please give it a thumbs up and subscribe to my channel.
Mokatiyamana, Modifiae, Nabana Mayo, Rabambi, Ava Pusana Pusana, Vena Vare Samba.
This is what I'm talking about. This is what I'm talking about.
Abba kashaana vani wale pitta pamatuka wale fumina ukua reka na reka na
I'm going to show you how to make a human bird out of a bird's nest. I'm going to show you how to make a bird out of a bird's nest.
Now we are going to start the draft. First, we are going to paint the walls. Then we are going to paint the walls.
We are going to make a fire with the fire so that the fire doesn't burn and we can make a garage.
I'm going to show you how to make a very simple and easy-to-use paper.
Now for our utusatadua katapa katapa, Kavirina mashatina yo, ya katapa katapa. Ya rapa kubeya pa pita utuakashika.
Thank you very much for watching. See you next time. Goodbye.
It's the queen. She's a little girl, but she's a little girl. She's a little girl, but she's a little girl.
Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next video.
We will turn on the fire, we will remove the blood, we will turn on the fire, we will remove the blood in the front of the mouth, we will remove the blood in the back of the mouth.
What do you think of the video? Let me know in the comments. I'll see you next time.
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know I don't know
Avantu pa abula, apari abarumendo chine konsekonse nomu kashana umo, baripan se yach fulo, kabirina basun sumana.
スターターお湯アレモニカオコバオアサカマナ、ニンシアレプタモン
I am very happy that I have been able to make this video. I am very happy that I have been able to make this video.
I am not even going to the first place because I don't want to go to the second place. I'm going to go there and see if I can find the fish in the first place. I'm not going to the first place.
Thank you very much for your time, and may God bless you with a happy new year.
I wonder if this is the first time I've done this, I wonder if this is the first time I've done this
ʻUma ʻUme, owa mushingkua paka tʻi, owa wu tenka ʻanda, na-ni-na pachiko tʻikāla.
Thank you very much for watching, see you next time.
So, that's it for today, I hope you enjoyed this video, see you in the next video.
Munei, Shupadi Rekwati, Padi e Fyovalet Damba, Kurya, Avantu, Baroseshe, Avengi.
I am Kashana Afuere Iflaquale Fiafita. I have been here for 26 years and I am Fiafita.
Ha... Ha... Ha... Ha... Ha... Ha... Ha... Ha... Ha ... Ha... How's that man? Is he still alive?
I'm going to show you how to make a pot out of the pot, so you can see the pot.
Okay, I'm going to let you know that I'm going to show you how to do it.
Ava Navaviri Na Vekala Panshi Valeriyamatava
Now I'm going to show you how to make a simple and easy recipe. First of all, I'm going to show you how to make a simple recipe.
Quine c'cours à qu'une humeur.
Voshe, uyu umulumendo, ale angala shani, ubu, ubu angalo!
Chachinorimbo areimba, I hope you like it. Areimba can be modified for arimba. Wish you a nice day.
Thanks for watching.
Kono maiakwe kuri o luon koto luag, kwem po awino, ulua katapa katapa.
I'm not sure if it's because of the people that are watching this. I'm not sure. There are people that are watching this.
I like the way I'm gonna put my phone in the engine.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
This is the first time I've ever seen a man with a hat like this. This is the first time I've ever seen a man with a hat like this.
Vani, na vani na pamachin ghayavu, hirvava shala bemini nefie.
Paremo ne kamaruva ne fjani.
Thank you very much. Thank you very much for watching. See you in the next video.
Hey, Nimbuna. Oumurumeno, cimutuere panitanshi. Ere omukashana, ena cimutuere fekunu ma. Kanji kututuatira, va re opusana fe, rintuare peluka.
Now that the kunchen is done, I will take it out and put it in the fridge. I will leave it like this and put it in the fridge.
Nafuala namaskiyokumatui
Number one in Avene, if you're Valero Lechappon, Quati Navamonamu Omolandu, Mumuana Omabon.
You can also add salt and pepper to taste.
kuri avantu vatatu umona umo arenda umokashana umonai kara pampandoero vanbinabe mininakonoma
Now, I'm going to show you how to do it.
A-le-in-che-nee is-uh me-che-nee. El-yo, kwa-rib-e-n-pil-i. Is-uh t'a-re. Ne-fiyāh fur-a-ko s'a-na fi-moo-tae, If yā ti t'ti ka-na-pa-mo.
Ta'pare rumbira pamulandu vare fu'a valorele bonfu kurumbo vaimba
This is the first time I've ever heard a voice like this in my life, and I've never heard a voice like this before.
Ababantu, wale parangawali mucirie, kots, ingapositata nishimilandu, loya.
I'm going to add a little bit of water to make sure it doesn't stick to the bottom of the pot.
Thank you very much for watching this video.
I don't want to go outside if I don't want to.
E amunim, v'on se v'afuele i pia fita.
Muminueakoe, naikata, ichitabo, kukuboko, kakukuliu.
Omo mo puturewadi, murifiye naban tuwambi na karimo, paachiba efa bachira sefia.
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed it. Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed it.
The first thing you need to do is to sit down. You can sit on the floor or you can sit on the floor with your hands up. You can sit on the floor or you can sit on the floor with your hands up.
Today, I'm going to show you how to make the best food in the world.
I hope you enjoyed watching this video, I hope you enjoyed it and I will see you in the next video
Thank you very much for watching.
Voshe, iti chintu, ito yumaume, oa mushingku oa pakati, anininepo, chere monnekasha ani.
I'm going to turn off the engine. I'm going to turn off the engine. I'm going to turn it off. I'm going to turn it off.
Ceremonica Quartii, RFIO, Kupona
This is the first time I've ever seen someone like this change in my life. I've never seen someone like this before.
I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed it. See you next time.
I'm going to be in Canada, in England. I'm going to be in the UK, and I'm going to the UK.
Mourmendo Nafuara Ichisote
Thank you very much for watching. See you next time.
Thank you for watching and don't forget to like, share and subscribe to my channel.
She wants to let her mother cut up a catapune and she will wash her foot. She will not let her mother cut her foot.
I'm not going to show you because I don't have a lot of copies.
This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching.
If you like this video, please like and subscribe to my channel.
Thank you very much for watching, see you in the next video.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
abalmindo na watantama
If you have any questions, feel free to post them in the comments below.
Hey, I'm going to show you how to make a homemade lemon cake. You can make it with any ingredients you like. I'm going to show you how to make a homemade lemon cake.
Awana, Awanonno, Valicina, Pakuangala.
I'm going to make a very simple bread. I'm going to make a very simple bread. I'm going to make a very simple bread.
This is the end of this video, thank you very much for watching.
and today I'm going to show you how to do it
This is the end of this video, I hope you enjoyed it and I will see you in the next video.
When I'm done, I'm going to cut my body to make it look like I'm going to put it in my mouth.
This is the end of the video. See you in the next video.
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you next time.
Nafwala Ichili Ichafi Dulu Killa
Thank you very much for your time.
Now, I'm going to show you how to do it.
Kavirina, for an edge saute chakashkira kumut dwee.
Thank you very much for watching. See you in the next video.
Well, that's it for this video. Thank you very much for watching.
Thank you for watching!
She wants to chad shungulukwa nailing again up long
I'm gonna go and see what they got there. I'm gonna go and see what they got there.
The foundation and come on, I won't say no before I if you're a Buddha.
If you don't know how to make a plan, you can just leave it in the fridge for a while.
I'll see you in the next video. Bye!
Thank you for watching.
Chachin, hello, are you in there again? What are you doing here? Why are you looking at me?
I want to show you how to do it, so I am going to show you how to do it.
If you have people who are poor, you can't afford to buy anything. You can't afford to buy anything. You can't afford to buy anything. You can't afford to buy anything.
Hello everyone, hope you are having a great day. I hope you are having a great day. See you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching this video and I will see you in the next video.
Now we will add the potatoes and the potatoes to the pan. We will add the potatoes to the pan.
This is the end of the video. I hope you liked it. If you did, please leave a like and subscribe to my channel. If you haven't subscribed to my channel yet, don't forget to click on the bell icon. I'll see you in the next video. Bye!
Thank you very much for your time, and I will see you in the next video.
And that's all for today. Thanks for watching.
If you want to go to Oko-Kon-Chen, you have to go to Fubafuari.
That's it, I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next video.
I hope you enjoyed the video. Thanks for watching.
I don't want to go to school. I don't want to go to school.
Thank you very much for watching and I will see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching this video.
Muntuan de monen chifon chende i ile moneka Avalomendo padimuchiwa sabadeteya Ichangaro chamupirawakuminoe Rodekesha
N'ba muna boy. Elabon seba fele. Ama kaputola. Leona apsanamalanki. Eloku kumbi. Kuliamantu babili. Eloku alife eka. Elopakatina babili kapone sumboe pobaletela.
Nimbuna, tawafuera mashatabawant, tawafuere fe, putuputurotwapusanapusanamalangi, bambutwafiite, teribambutwakashika, nomba, rubari rumbi, kuninafimbi filiko.
Hey, number two, I'm not sure if it's because of the TV, but I think it's because of the music. I think it's because of the music that I'm playing. I think it's because of the music that I'm playing.
Hello everyone, my name is Karine. I'm from Eftan. I'm from Kambat. I'm from Kuchibumba.
You know what? I'm going to go and wash my hands. I'm going to go and wash my hands. I'm going to wash my hands.
Thank you very much for watching, see you in the next video.
Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you.
My name is Naikalamunganda, and I'm from Fimo.
I'm going to show you how to do it.
Ta lemone koase kere la sana, u jetin shi tile mo encha.
Nari Muishio areparanafikosa san.
Watch Pitapammulu, Apadich Punda, Kaviri. Watch like, you'll have a good time. I'll show you how to do it.
Now I'm going to show you how to make a small animal, so you don't have to worry about it.
The color of the leaves is different from the color of the leaves. If you have any questions, please leave a comment.
Finch Valleci tamuli in gente, umuri ammaboya kalambasana.
I come on. I come over.
Naka fuwara ira ia makumbi makumbi
So I'm going to show you how to do it in a different way.
Palemoneka Kwati nipa musomba e poa fumini.
Pansh sana, pare mone kamayanda, shwire avantu besam kwangarira kumpiri.
Elio ale monika ua chaiche, ta koe tenen tambo ya kumu pususha konga foia ukupona.
The color of the plant is different from the other plants. The color of the plant is different from the other plants.
This is the first time I've ever seen a chicken with a chicken leg. I've never seen a chicken with a chicken leg before. I've never seen a chicken with a chicken leg before.
If you want to make it, you can add a little bit of salt if you want. If you want, you can add a little bit of salt if you want to add a little bit of salt.
If you want to know more about this video, click on the link in the description. Thank you very much for watching. Have a nice day.
If you don't have a knife, you can use a knife to cut it into small pieces.
Chachi nesana. Kabiria babantu naba foalefiak foalefiak palana. Chidi amoneka kuati, baba muibumba liaba kembadi modiine.
Now we are going to make the dough. You can use any kind of dough you like. You can use any kind of dough. You can use any kind of dough.
I'll let it shape and I'll go ahead and do it the way I want it to.
Omu, muriamala iti. Hayapusana pusana.
Parifitatu, nifia kutere, njuka, katwishi, ala saratisa, itchakumun fia pakutea.
This is the first time I've ever seen someone like this in my life. I've never seen someone like this in my life.
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. Don't forget to like and subscribe. See you in the next video.
Now long ago, number, Kuri Avantu Avalemu Tamba. Kuri Sita to Yolimukopanechikope, orina kalufumo na foalanechakashikamukati.
Hey, this is Tila. This is the first time I've seen you here. I'm going to show you how much I love you. I'm going to show you how much I love you. I'm going to show you how much I love you.
That's what I'm talking about. Some people say it's because they don't know what they're doing. They don't know what they're doing with this machine. They don't know what they're doing with this machine.
Namayo, arimungandayakwe, arewamiya.
It's been a while since I've seen a table. I don't know why I'm doing this. I don't know why I'm doing this because I don't know what to do.
Add 1 cup of coconut milk, 1 cup of coconut milk, and a little bit of salt.
Bushe, Chinjababaiji, Walongani, Nichapamu, Naimbare Shakuriramu, Wale Ocha, Inainama.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
Ava eche, Ava omevane navi minna navi katana imare shakudi rapo.
Pari Ababa Iche Pari Umorilo Nawaia Pantua Reotera Inamaya Kudia
It's very important that we have a good relationship with each other and that we have a good relationship.
Thank you very much for coming to see me, let me know what you think about my coffee.
If you wish, you can find it in the description box below.
This is the first time I've ever seen a person like this in a movie.
avarumendo, varipanchinga, mumpanga
Now, we are going to add a little bit of water to the pot.
E amuni, if you mutti, fia li to alawino amabula.
Nefimutte na fyo mumba liabo. Firemonika, if ya katapa katapa, if ya imba.
I really like it. I really like it. It's very soft and it's very soft. It's very soft. I really like it. I really like it.
Rimbi Tashaafita, Shiremone Kafiriya Pantu, Chiri Chunguro Kwati, Nakarimo Erio, Akasuba, Karei Ngira.
Thank you very much for watching, I will see you in the next video.
Aka Murumendo Aka Iche Kari Muribemba Emo Kare Samba Naka Sabaula Na Menshi Pakusamba
I'll be preparing a bandouinakashi in a uma-maome.
Kuchifulo chimo, kule avantu batatua ve kele, ukshungulu ke tebu lu.
Now I'm going to cut it into small pieces
This is the first time I've ever made this dish, and I'm going to show you how to make it in 3 different ways.
Now, let's see if the Monaco River has any good or bad, or if it's not good, or if it's not good, or if it's not good, or if it's not good, or if it's not good, or if it's not good.
Thank you very much for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you next time.
Hey boy, how much money do you have in your house? How much money do you have in your house?
I'm going to make potato napa fulana mashati, but I'm going to make it with the same ingredients.
If you have any questions, feel free to post them in the comments below.
This is the first time I've seen a video of a tiger in the wild. It's been about 10 years since I've seen a tiger.
If you don't have a knife, you can use a knife or a knife to cut it into small pieces.
I am a little girl who has a lot of hands. I can't move, I can't fly, I can't fly.
Ushie Uyumuana, Eshirinabana, Niikamana Uku
Thank you very much for watching, I hope you enjoyed this video, see you in the next video
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching.
I will be back in a minute. I will be back soon. I have to go to the bathroom first. I will be back soon.
However, I am not sure if I will be able to do this in the future, but I am sure that I will be able to do it.
We're going to start with the first one. We're going to start with the second one. We're going to start with the third one.
I'm going to put a little bit of paper on my hand and I'm going to put it on my face so I don't have to put it on my face.
It's a pearl. It's a monocle. It's a panda. It's not a male. Consequent video.
I hope you enjoyed watching this video and don't forget to like, share and subscribe to my channel.
I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed it.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
PAMURU E TUKA PADINAKA PAMUPA AKA LEMBWA PO ISHINADI E TUKA
Pancé, etuca, pari imboa ia fita, irei rolesha shkurvantu, yolei ingiramu etuca.
Now put the lid on and let it sit for a while.
Thank you very much for watching this video, I hope you enjoyed it, and I will see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
I will show you the number of the cake that I have shown you. I will show you the number of the cake that I have shown you.
There is a lot of plastic on the walls of the house that you can see on the wall of the house, and there is a lot of dust.
I don't know if it's because I'm not good at this or because I'm not good at this or because I'm not good at this, I'm not good at this.
Thank you very much for watching this video, see you in the next video.
Omolumendo, alaipica, nafuala, itchampe poce languida fita, no bulungu munkoshi.
If you don't have a kitchen knife, you can use a knife to sharpen your knife. You can use a knife to sharpen your knife and a knife to sharpen your knife.
Monsha Ruino Mori Utukopoto Amperi Peri, Inkomaki E Tambora, Ukukuruwa Rikorina Efsavo, Ukukuruwa Rikorina Efiakuri Afiapangwana Mare, Eleona Matawa.
Kunu maya koshkuru bantu, kuria bantu avave manine naave kere.
Thank you very much for your time, and I wish you all the best.
Okay, we're in Batilemonika Ichikulu, Kabyliquat, Natchifika, and Mumuru.
We will do what we can to protect the people of Mbembe.
Thank you very much for watching, I hope you enjoyed this video, please hit the like button and subscribe to my channel.
I don't know if I'm going to be able to do that, but I'm not going to be able to do that.
A lepe luka, lintua leche, le muka, kumunion lolo.
There you are now, my friends, I hope you enjoyed watching this video.
Do you want me to go to the bathroom and wash my face? I'm going to wash my face so that I can wash my face.
Ere quena uiu, afuire nasci bata amenso, pantu amenci ena eres avucassano.
In tambo i demonica i acilpa, ushe intuya kosa.
Na yasha, amalati. Eri o na ekwata no lunga loa chalocha United States of America.
I don't know what I'm saying, but I don't know what I'm saying. I'm just trying to understand what I'm saying.
Thank you so much for watching and see you in the next video.
Kuntan shi kori fyuni, koe nechi cimbaya-mbaya nalimotachi lehenda panto i fyuni ta filetina.
Hey, churchy. Kaviri won't be enough for that. I got them from Mokoshi.
Allolimbi pa li fimo e fio mulmendo ale rondo lula umunanque i fia di contange.
I'm going to make a little hole in the middle and then I'm going to make a hole in the middle.
Parire Kochi, Ababa Rumendo, Parifio Badero, Resha
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching, see you in the next video.
I'm going to turn off the light and then I'm going to move on to the other side of the house.
Abadu Mendo Babiri, Abadu Zungunabem Minina.
A. Limby, why don't you have a coffee, Papa?
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much for watching, see you next time.
I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed it, and I will see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
What's that? What's that? What's that?
FIACO PANZA IN SHIRA OMOBARENDA
Next time, we'll see you in the next video. Thanks for watching.
If you don't have money, you can't buy a house. If you have a house, you can't buy a house.
Ehh, I don't know, I don't know what's going on.
Nassumina. Panto beke de pacipuna in staya cungulo.
Kaviri Ustata Narela Imbua Pamubidi
Hey
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.
This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching.
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you in the next video.
Muka Shana Adipantem Bayakui
Thank you very much for watching.
Kali insalu isi kalamba isho wa koveke kumu koveko.
I am Monika Deyansad, and I am Monika Kwalti Shavanamai.
Thank you very much for watching.
One more, one more, and I'll change it to a panziusko.
I'm not a human being, I'm just a bomboy.
Add it in or knock it down. I just want to copy and copy it and add it to the chain number.
Momu putule omu, murium kasana nomu rumendo, om kasana nai mininale imba, die nomu rumendo ena nai kala.
We should finish with one, I guess, and then we'll continue.
He said, I have been to the city of Filiimbafi for many years, I have been to the city of Durukira for many years, I have been to the city of Panjtayabushko.
Let it cook for a while until it has a nice color.
I'll feel it and we shall if you're feeling bad
I hope you liked this video. Thank you for watching!
Moku moneka,ari shibisha,okorisha banjo
Now I'm going to add a little bit of water to the pot and I'm going to add a little bit of water.
I'm going to cut the lemon into small pieces and then I'm going to cut it into small pieces.
If you didn't buy, but if you didn't buy, you will not be able to buy, you will not be able to buy.
Omukashana, alerishechi limba.
Have a nice day and good night.
Omoanakashi naiminina ukualeri shabanjo.
I'm going to show you how to do it in a short time. I'll show you how to do it in a short time.
Thank you very much for watching this video.
We will start from the capital Apsana, Pamona, Banamayo, Urmendoena, Afueli, Toros.
I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you very much. I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you very much. See you in the next video.
In Boa, Icaramba, Iwuturukira, Irenda, Panjtayakasua.
This is the end of the video. I hope you enjoyed it. See you in the next video.
Ero Kaviri Irene Dapa Fianni Fia Katapakatapa
Rimbi kunnaka, nangura rimbi, ire fuaya o kunua meshi.
The fish is now ready to be served
Loading me, if only she, that is only me, I can't say, away.
In my opinion, the end of the year is not the end of the year.
We'll see you in the next video.
Kaviri na ikwata no mushipi wa pamukoshi
Thank you very much for watching, see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching and see you next time.
The first time we had a photo shoot, we had to wait for the coffee to be ready. The second time we had a photo shoot, we had to wait for the coffee to be ready.
You can also use a spoon or a spoon to mix the ingredients together.
Thank you very much for watching this video, I hope you enjoyed it.
Now you can see that I'm going to show you how to do it, and I'm going to show you how to do it.
Mom, are you angry at me? I'm not angry at you. I'm angry at you. I'm angry at you.
Now for our capture of macombi macombi, we're gonna go ahead and insert the cumulo
Now, I am going to add a cup of water and let it boil for a few minutes.
This is my name. My name is Ulaidura. I'm from Uwara. My name is Ishitari.
Now I'm going to add some water and then I'm going to cover it with a damp cloth.
Kaili, padinama kapu yambiae ale moneka aya pangwa nama plastiki.
oushi! ndi ci i si i ci. Aga ka mo ana ke kei taku ma boku yaa kako?
Aka moa na akaru mendu akakua totu menso tuu no no na ke mi ni na pan se bain shita aka soba.
Church, I don't want to be a shiiti, but a kumbi, a kumbi, I want to be a mother, a mother, a mother.
I'm going to add a little bit of salt to make sure it doesn't stick to the bottom of the pan.
Omolumendo na un kashana vali pachi mutte vali isha.
Thank you for watching, see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching, have a nice day.
Vale Moneca Quarte Feibusa
I don't know what I'm doing. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it. I'm not good at it.
Thank you very much for your time.
Now I'm going to put it back in the house.
Iroqabir yu'umana nafa la'amajum bi'iru alitroqa amesh.
Thank you very much for watching.
Chua mei chenu mua noiu, el utapalea mei kakat pata li sana pa mei siapa.
Ero umu mukamaina muri amawe aya kuru saena.
Pameche apapali amawe kumbali kumbi kuli ifiani.
I'm going to go to bed now. See you next time.
Thank you very much for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed this video.
Parina Ichikorua Ichikoru Ichedangiri Makumbi Makumbi
The person who is standing in front of me is the one who is standing in front of me.
Shitatana son kamako naikatana bakabokoshi
The man, the man, who is a man, who does not know how to control himself, does not have to be afraid, he has to be a man.
The best thing about this recipe is it's not easy to make. The best thing about this recipe is it's easy to make. You can make it any way you want. The best thing about it is that it's easy to make and it's not easy to make it.
Boshé, kuyuman! Finish Alekta! Pakutu, pakutu kushu amubili wakwe!
We are not going to be able to do this. We are going to be able to do this. We are going to be able to do this.
Hey, hello wishy, El Papile Uyumwana. Ah weh u lupua u lulu lemwane ka fiei, kwati wali temwana anganshi.
Umwa na kashi na umwaume, wali no umwa na umonono.
Thank you so much for watching, I will see you in the next video.
I'm going to spread it out a little bit and then I'm going to spread it out a little bit
He's a man of his own. He's a man of his own. He's a man of his own.
I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about.
Elio, ale mone ko oanzaan sa Nya pama moulan do kuti dana i shi wo kuti la I fia kula, fia la pia
Abasungu, Abahiche, Valetea, Umu Pilauitua, Besbo.
I'm going to put the lemon in the pot. I'm going to add the lemon to the pot.
If you want to use a battery or a mobile phone, you can use a mobile phone. If you want to use a mobile phone, you can use a mobile phone or a mobile phone.
Thank you very much for watching this video, see you in the next video.
I'm going to do a little bit of checking on this team and see if they win.
Ushai, therese, tima, didingi, reoku, iman, umba, dii, ne uku, toala, bantu, kung sumba.
This is the end of this video. Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching this video, see you in the next video.
Oh boy, she doesn't want to go to the toilet like her father did. If you don't want to go to the toilet, you have to go to the toilet and wash your face.
You can't get away from this. You're not even allowed to go to school. You can't go to school by yourself.
Now, where does the wind come from? What's wrong with the wind? I haven't seen the wind from the sky, I haven't seen the wind from the sky.
It's been a long time since I started fishing. I've been fishing for a long time. I've been fishing for a long time. I've been fishing for a long time.
Thank you very much. I will see you in the next video. Goodbye.
You know what? I don't know what you're talking about. If you don't know what you're talking about, you're going to be in trouble. You're going to be in trouble.
If you feel enough money, I will take you in to pay the amount of money you need.
I am living in a fire, and I will be in the fire. I will be in the fire, and I will be in the fire.
Omulumendo Alipamul Wachibomba
Now we come a Boko Panshiachi Bomba area Moulu area Moulu
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
If he could, what would he do? If he had a gun, if he had a bomb, if he had a mackerel.
I'm Mayakwe, but I'm not going to be able to make it with gender and women.
Now if you're in bed, you can do it. It's a long shelf life. Don't put it on the floor. Don't put it on the floor.
Humano mounonno ariconcende ukovalide fiacudia.
If you don't know how to do it, you can use your own language.
karyakam uti kafwe de kachda ereda pameshi e yo numba yaya mukhasinda
Nishita yachikachi desu abimumana
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
If you like this video, please subscribe to my channel, and don't forget to turn on the notification bell.
This is the end of this video. See you in the next video.
Abene, tabalé moneka, el yonomom manairimo, ule moneko apaboka.
I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you will like it. See you in the next video.
Thank you for watching this video, I hope you enjoyed it.
and the money will be given to you at the end of the month.
One island is called Tolochi, and the other island is called Amingolochi, and the other island is called Amalangi. The island is called Leavuta.
Thank you very much for watching this video.
Thank you very much for watching this video and I will see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching this video, see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching this video.
You can also use a knife or a knife to cut the meat and cut it into small pieces.
You should concentrate on the long-term, not the short-term, not the short-term.
Kuli alubali kuli chinku pitiwabantu ave manine erionave kereko.
This is what you need to know about bread. Bread is made of wheat and cabbage which are the ingredients that you need to make your bread.
If you don't know how to do it, you can't do it by yourself.
Mu'ana wa churumendo kun mayan shinga na kumbhati rana mayo mu musana.
If you like this recipe, don't forget to give it a thumbs up and subscribe to my channel.
Finch if you have a boy ready to man-chee
Amen shialemonika ayabusakam Sana
I'm going to sit here for a moment.
Nalimo, yadia mukusenda umopila uoli kokanua.
Erio, muari, ni mui touka. Mui touka varasti siya mui fitawa, i fira muonega kunu maiakwe. Erio, fira muonega fingi siina siina. Ushinau, fimona!
Ah weh, shimpon dunai weh, te mulu po yoh Aka, kari tonifi aka kashika, boku a kuata pamoona Nakarimobari mumine pui koshi
Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.
I don't know what happened, but I can't hear anything. I don't know what happened, but I can't hear anything. I can't hear anything, but I can't hear anything.
Awe, ciao ama, e ciao, bantu, parapade vita. Pamu manata, parama, au sangua, po' uusku.
Thank you very much for watching this video, see you in the next video
Now I'm going to add a little bit of water to make sure it doesn't get too thick.
Thank you for watching. If you like this video, please like, share and subscribe to my channel.
I'm going to show you how to do it, and I'm going to show you how to do it, before I cut off a piece of paper and cut it into small pieces.
Thank you very much for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it. If you did, please hit the like button.
Chachinu, Kaviri and Fifi Womba, Firi Pantanshin, Yachikulua, Ichikalamba, Ichantunji.
If you don't know how to make it, you can use your hands to make it. The number of ingredients you need to make it is in the description box. If you don't know how to make it, you can use your hands to make it.
This is the end of this video. See you in the next video.
I don't have a lot of smoke, so I'm going to put it in the sea.
Hey, Pantui mo iri kontan shi, imbiri kono ma.
Now I'm going to cut the pepper into small pieces.
Thank you very much for your time.
This is the first time I've ever done a video like this.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Mokasha Na Naikala Pachpuna Ari Wasekelela
That's all for this video. Thank you very much for watching and I'll see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments section below. If you have any questions, feel free to ask them in the comments section below.
I'm quite a fan of the phone, but I'm not a fan of the phone.
I'm not sure if this is the right way to do it, but I'm not sure if it's the right way to do it.
Omo ano murmendo aripamoru atikuruwa.
Nah, you cut them all, huh? You are errorless, I promise. We shouldn't finish, are we Mona?
I am going to add a little bit of water and let it soak for a while.
Once everybody move and serve our home, it will once everybody will do that. We should not let anybody do that.
Thank you very much for watching, see you next time.
I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it. I'll show you how to do it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much for watching this video.
This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Fittata o achi romendo na koe la palichi mo ale foia o kokusa ichi womba
Now I'm going to remove the paint from the paint, so that it doesn't get dirty.
This is the end of this video. Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
Now I'm going to show you how to make a cup of coffee.
Elona Omana Ati, Tamugotile Sanna Modishi Chikorwa, Nangomodinia Ali.
In the end, I'm going to make a small hole in the middle and make a hole in the middle of it so that it doesn't stick to the bottom of the pot.
If you don't want to add lemon juice, you can add lemon juice instead of lemon.
I hope you enjoyed this video and I'll see you in the next video.
Kabe li ulupe li lulemoneka ulu teri inganshi, nali mo echo abon fe she intambon.
Nadimokanshi, nipam manale foa yokuya.
What's that? How many do you see? Is it really enough? I don't know, that's enough.
This is the first time I've ever tried this dish. I've never tried this dish before. I've never tried it before. I've never tried it before.
My name is Ancandia Bouda, and I am from Netoloshifia Fita, and I am from Omoeka.
Thank you very much for watching and I will see you in the next video.
Omupila Kuli Uwa Kashikam
Naikwata, naintambo, mumukoshi.
Akataramukera, Kuriwhi Muti.
I am a citizen of the United States and I live in the United States. I am a citizen of the United States and I live in the United States.
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. If you did, don't forget to like and subscribe. Thank you very much for watching. See you in the next video.
Tchai chin dam asana oku bombae shitoyaku mo beri Ka beri, tchai chin dam assana Oku fuwala effeyakui ci hingayr oture bom bomori mo Pakut tila tta tubikki logo mihuesu mo bousanso
I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed it, and I will see you in the next video, bye.
Umanom Kashana, Ufwele Shatdeafi, Turukida, Alimumu Putule, Kaviriare, Chinda.
Hello, everyone, I'm Kashana Winojo. Welcome to Umbi Ulemu Tamba.
This is the rest of this video. I hope you enjoyed this video, and I hope you will like it.
Thank you very much for your time.
You have to wait until it's done, and then wait until it's done. If it's not done, then it's done.
Iremoneka, Iremonpanga
Nai kua ta nomu sipi mumukoshi, irei mone ka nai naka.
I'm going to go and get some water, and then I'm going to wash my hands.
Thank you very much for watching, see you in the next video.
Moodumendu nai kala ladya no kunua.
Hushani is a shachwa sender avakashivandi. Arey pushamom uttima.
I don't know how I'm going to explain it to you. I'm just going to tell you how to make it, how to make it...
Now, we are going to start with the first step. We are going to use the first step.
I hope you enjoyed watching this video, see you in the next video
Thank you very much for watching this video and see you in the next video.
I'm not sure if it's true or not, but I think it's true.
We have a lot of wood, and we have a lot of wood. We have a lot of wood, and we have a lot of water. We also have a lot of water to use as a monocoque.
I hope you enjoyed this video. See you in the next video.
That's all for this video. Thank you very much for watching and I'll see you in the next video.
It's time for the sauce. I'm going to put it in the fridge for a while. I'm going to put it in the fridge for a while. I'm going to put it in the fridge for a while.
Thank you very much for watching, see you in the next video.
Hey boy, have a nice day, see you in the next video, see you in the next video
Kuntanshia Kamana, Mumbai, Muri, Ammawai, Ayakuru.
Hello. Muli ichi chima ababa na wale angalilamu. Muli amenshi aya nono.
This is the end of this video, I hope you enjoyed it and I will see you in the next video.
This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching.
O tu vai te o tu, na tu bombai mi shishi, nu mu vidi shabu.
Tu bai chen, ut kashanan ut rumendo, natsankana iri ot turipakamana.
I let the chankalo chakot lo kapantambo and then tambo akwete kumabokoyakwe.
Chishinka, kabirimu pepine shimi otoka, kudine fukuru e fidemonika kuatimaya anda.
Uma nomu anakashi, ufu ere torosh ja gini si ero nela ali avu durukila, na imi nina pan salete e changalo.
I will be back with another video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed it.
Thank you so much for watching. I will see you in the next video. Goodbye.
I'm not sure if they are coming or not, but I don't know if they are coming or not, but I'm sure they are coming.
The dish is ready. It is ready to serve. Enjoy your meal.
If you don't have a knife, you can also use a knife to cut and chop the meat. If you don't have a knife, you can also use a knife to cut and chop the meat.
Now we will add the chicken, the chicken and the spices that we have added. Now we will add the spices that we have added to the chicken and the spices that we have added to the chicken.
I'm going to add some chili powder and some pepper and some chili powder. I'm going to add some of the chili powder and some pepper powder.
I have no idea how long I have been living here. I don't know how long I've been living here.
Emwa, ikwete amasa ko a hafita, eronai miara matui, iaponyanomutira bako otoka.
Thank you very much for watching this video, I hope you enjoyed it.
In the name of God, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful.
kūnumā kūdi īfimuti īfingi īfidi nāmaruba āyakatapa katapa īcpādi re īmpanga īkuru sāna īi.
Thank you very much for watching this video and I will see you in the next video.
Kumbhari Yachibansakuri Nephi Bayanbaya Ifingi Nakarimo Ichikura Chakuronga Ninamo
Erio, it's a good thing that you're not a part of the Mabu Lion's army, I ask you. I'm not a part of the Mabu Lion's army. I'm not a part of the Mabu Lion's army.
Thank you very much for watching this video. See you in the next video.
Remember, I caramba, here I took a mumpanga, Naka Dori Mukanoa.
NB, now I'm going to show you how to do it.
Elio, na waifuika, na umushipi mumukoshi.
Hello, could you leave me alone? Ok, I'll be right back, I'll be right back.
This is the fish that I'm going to eat today. This is the fish that I'm going to eat today.
In boy, they are not fancy
Hey, Panthupele Monika Panthupele, I hope you are having a great time.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
I hope you enjoyed this video, see you next time
If you don't know how to make it, you can use a knife to cut it and cut it into small pieces.
Kudinam maloba kunchen de kuleutuki da akawa aka.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
I hope you enjoy this video and I will see you in the next video.
And that's it for today's video, see you in the next video.
Once you are done with this video, I will see you in the next video.
This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching. See you in the next video.

I hope you liked this video. Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
I hope you enjoyed this video and I will see you in the next video.
Umuana umuame alimuchi bansa chamupila.
Arifika, cheerio aletneia, un piro.
Thank you very much for watching.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching this video, see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching and I will see you in the next video.
Boucher, emini ne pofier.
I'm going to use a pen to draw a line on the water. I'm going to use a pencil to draw a line on the water.
This is the first time I've ever done a video on how to make a simple, easy and easy to make. I'm going to show you how to make a simple, easy and easy recipe.
That's my last word. I don't know what to say about the
Iriwe didemoneka iriawungana. Oshie, alinawa nani.
That's all for today. Thank you very much for watching. I'll see you in the next video. Bye.
Boil it on high heat. When it starts to boil, turn off the heat and add the lemon juice.
We'll see you in one of the next videos.
This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
This is the end of the video. Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
In my opinion, I don't think it's a good idea to use a pan. I'm going to use a pan.
I don't know if I'll be able to speak to you, but I'll be able to speak to you. I'm not sure if I'll be able to speak to you.
We can do it. I say I'll do it. I'll do it. If it works, I will do it. You see.
Let me show you how to do it.
In the meantime, I would like to thank you for watching this video.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
If you like this video, please hit the like button and subscribe to my channel.
A pa'apali amenshi panshi, nati palakwati nipambali iau mussebo.
You are a Monica Quachnica, but so I'm bowing.
I am going to cut the leaves
Thank you very much for watching and see you next time.
Nafua la nefiaq, Fua la fiaq wumbe l'amum.
This is the end of this video. Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
I hope you have enjoyed watching this video. See you in the next video.
Kabele Molino Tupuna Utwengi Utwamalangi Ayale Kanalikana
No way That's not what I'm talking about I don't know what I'm talking about I don't know what I'm talking about I don't know
Bushoma Noyarife Kamuchi Bansa
We'll see you in the next video.
This is Monika. She is a human. She is a co-operative. She is a man. She is a man. She is a man. She is a man. She is a man.
I don't know, I don't know if I'm going to be able to do anything about it.
Don't worry, I'll get you some water.
Oshena oma nokti ife ke linaim yamad danda yagun. Moush yamad danda murinei chole cakashkira.
Paccati amkoso padii akachora akafitia.
I'm going to make a punch punch out of it
Ademoneka Uwaruwa Mumatontongkanyu
Add salt and pepper to taste and mix well.
This is the first time I've ever seen a genie like this, and I've never seen anything like this before.
Nimbia, the role of the whole world.
Hey, what's up? Do you know what I'm talking about? I'm not talking about you. I'm talking about you, but I'm not talking about you.
Na, bash fuika na insaru ish apsana apsana
Gachinshi ishinboa shirei chitam.
Nali mo shili na mangalo aya kuchin fianya mukubutukam.
This is the end of this video.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
Thank you so much for watching and see you in the next video.
Ero Kaviri Pappene Pamor Pantu Emini Nepali Vanenshin Bishingi Ishwakori Rako Kaviri Uyumuam Menafuara Nithya Kung Fuira Kukumatu Ya Kukushe Chinshi Ichi Akoete Kumabokoi Akoe
This is the end of the video, I hope you enjoyed it, see you in the next video.
Oh wait, where nobody have a video? Where are you from? Where are you from? Pantodin B Where are you from? Where are you from?
Omurumendo nemishishiya fitta eryo no mukashana nemishishiya boturukida baremonika varipamovena
Thank you very much for watching this video, I hope you enjoyed it, see you in the next video.
This is the first time I've ever seen a person like this in my life. I've never seen a person like this before. I've never seen a person like this before.
I'm going to show you how to make a panbi paddy ifyani ifyakata pa kata pa panbi na po na pa sebe ka paddy fie umuchanga
Imbua, Ii kuru ii ai ina wu'i no, ii re wutuka. Nai isenda, itiri mo nekakwa, iti chakwa angasha, kuka no.
This is what you need to know, and this is what you need to know. This is what you need to know.
This is the first time I've ever seen a person like this in my life. I've never seen anyone like this before. I've never seen anyone like this before in my life. I've never seen anyone like this before.
If you don't have it, you can use it as a side dish or you can use it as a side dish or you can use it as a side dish.
I'm going to add a little bit of water and let it simmer for a while.
I will show you how to make it
This is the first time I've ever seen a person like this in my life. I've never seen a person like this in my life. I've never seen a person like this in my life.
Thank you for watching and see you next time. Yale T, Vive Moto Gp NTV E, number one, Pamuru.
Kachinfya no ama onda, nahi minina kumba dia onda ya que ia fita.
That's a single shieh tuk tuk, momoe la. Na imi ane jipindulo chachi tuk tuk.
I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you for watching.
Oumulumendo, afuela fiefia fita, kaili navantu wale mudamba.
This is the end of the video. Thank you for watching. I'll see you in the next video.
and I don't want it to be too tight, I just want it to be a little bit tight I'm going to cut it in half and then I'm going to cut it in half and then I'm going to cut it in half
If you have any questions, please post them in the comments.
If you don't want to waste your time, you can use a pump. Otherwise, you can use a water pump instead of a pump.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Okay, that's it for now. I hope you enjoyed this video. I'll see you in the next video.
I hope you enjoyed this video, see you in the next video, KASUBANAKA VALASANA
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
If you don't know how to use a knife, you can use a knife to cut it.
If you don't know how to make it, you can make it at home. If you don't know how to make it, you can make it at home.
Hey, what are you doing here? I'm going to clean the floor, I'm going to clean the floor.
I don't know what to say about this, but I'm not sure what to say about this.
Thank you very much for watching.
Elio Nakabiri, Naimiya Nama Wokomumuulu, Nafwara Nakashati, Aka Wutya.
Thank you very much for watching this video, I hope you enjoyed it and I will see you in the next video.
We're not money for anything, they're money coming in, no?
Thank you very much for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it. Thank you very much for watching this video.
It's very nice. It's very good to have a good sleep. It feels like we're in a free-mo-punch. If you feel like living here, you'll have to go somewhere else. If you don't feel like living here, you'll have to go somewhere else.
Thank you very much for your time. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you in the next video. Goodbye.
This is Kavili. It's a small and medium size. It's very easy to make. Kavili is a very small and medium size.
I'm going to the monument and I'm going to the monument
Mokwai, pali umuntu na aposa iche muti iche kulumu muela.
kairi, ichi-chi-umiti, apose-re-mumuera chile-mone-ka-fe-kwati, chile-mukuponi-na-pakamana
Now foie gras, if you have foie gras, if you have pepper. Kaili, you can cover it with a kuriyaki sauce.
I'm Mkwain Nifio Thine. I'm from West Chivili, Bambali, Yakamana.
Thank you very much for watching this video.
Oyunamayo afrele itchakufuala chakumuru itchabuta tuu tuu
Ichi chpampa, cintu jauta, kaviri, nachi koata, ifirembo, ifia katapakatapa, edio, nefia fida.
Woshi, feinshi feipa je pampa, kuyuna maio, ua wot enkanda. Eka tziliile!
I recommend you to watch this video and don't forget to subscribe to the channel if you haven't already.
I don't know what I'm doing. I'm just going to make a mistake.
Kunu mayabu na kui minina avarumendo na bakashana.
First of all, I would like to thank all of you for watching this video.
I hope you enjoyed this video, see you in the next video
Kounumayai Kokuli Umau Mena Kondama
Moulin, don't you want to come to me, no?
白いもんにかくはずいここをここはこそないかたいんたんぼ
I am going to start the fire in the machine and then I will start the fire. I will start the fire with the fire extinguisher and then I will start the fire.
If you don't want to do this, you can do it by yourself. You can do it by yourself.
It burns, it burns! It was very hot and we could not smell the oil. We could not go through that.
Kaili won sabatatu avai chava, naba foala utu kaptula utu nonu.
Chifuire Na-kukawa Pantuu Kure Monika no Tumenshi Etowasa Wisha
This is the first time I am making a video about this dish. I am going to show you how to make it.
Thank you for watching, see you next time!
Thank you very much for watching I hope you have enjoyed watching this video Thank you very much for watching this video
Chishin kamu asusat. Elo ababay chabab no no. Vali abbasan samukasana.
Kairi, Uttukaptura Bafuere, Roksambiramu, Etobafuere 172.
It's up to you to do the hangar up and cut
Abay chabatatu abasungu tabafuele amashati
Hey,
Abalumendo vatatut, balewa mia umussevo.
And now we're going to show you how to do it. Now we're going to show you how to do it.
This is the first time I've ever been to a place like this in my life. I've never been to a place like this before, but I've never been to a place like this in my life.
I am a woman. I am a woman. I am a woman. I am a woman.
Chachine Ichomuni, Kumbari Abo, Kurinamato Yabili, Helio Nendofi.
Now I'm going to show you how to make a cake pan with a lot of flour in the pan. You can use any type of flour you like.
I'm going to use a knife to cut the leaves and cut them into 4 pieces.
I'm not sure if it's true or not, but I'm sure it's true. I'm not sure if it's true or not, but I'm sure it's true.
Tshishinka, emmanduine, bale vika napa ku vikenimo. Induakula imapakutila bale rishapo.
Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.
If you want to go to Chakutila, you can go to Severechi, Alaboi, Jisuma, Kaviri, and Tsungabuino.
I hope you enjoyed watching this video, see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching. If you like this video, don't forget to like and subscribe.
I'm not sure if you can hear me or not, but I'm not sure if you can hear me or not.
No, I'm not mad at you anymore. What do you want me to do now, son?
If you want to buy a new product, you can buy it at the market.
This is the conveyor belt. This is also a belt for the belt.
Vali Pamu Manavaleo, Abumboato.
Yeah, it's not that bad, but it's not that bad.
Habiri, ciparire kuatiu unbisitata, aqueire repaboato, uboakashika.
o moaume alelo le chapéu indo.
That's all for today, see you next time!
Kairi na kowata na kataboku minue hakoe.
Elio, como não é o ácoco só, na quarta eitavo.
Coquilio quacue, culine e ciola, cia fita.
Now, for now, if you like it, if you like it, if you like it, you can give it a try.
And we're going in the bottom of the wick, I'm going to put a little bit of paint on it.
na fuala ifi fualo fiavashilika
Umuana alina bana kulubantu
Thank you very much for watching this video. Thank you for watching this video.
Now I'm going to show you how to do it, and I'm going to show you how to do it.
Now I'm going to add a little bit of salt and I'm going to add a little bit of pepper.
So, that's it for today, I hope you enjoyed watching this video, I'll see you in the next video.
That's all for this video. See you in the next video.
Kabili kuli in chende kuli na avantu bambi. Vamo balenda el yo bambi na vekala.
Number one, how many times do I have to say number one? I don't know how many times I have to say number one.
Hey boy, I hope you enjoyed the video, I hope you enjoyed it and I will see you in the next video.
And I'm going to show you how to make it. I'm going to make it with sugar. I'm going to make it with water.
What do you think? I don't think it's going to work out. I don't think it will work out.
My name is Ali Pamulu Wabuato.
Hello everyone, how are you doing? I'm going to tell you a little bit about myself and I'm going to tell you a little bit about myself.
Umorumendo nai karamichikuluwa. Nomba ahri kwa temi shishi. Wushe woi kutua temo kwa ta koi mi shishi shamsanguo yo.
Hey, I think I'm gonna be the one to blame. I'm not gonna be the one to blame. I'm gonna be the one to blame. I'm gonna be the one to blame. That's all.
Thank you very much for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed this video.
I'm going to show you how to make this recipe in the description box below.
I want to show you how to make avanthu vane with the help of a knife.
Voshe, e inchen de bariko, e re monekashanu, mui monekele.
In this video, I will show you how to make a beautiful flower. I will show you how to make a beautiful flower.
Thank you so much for watching and I hope you enjoyed watching this video. I'll see you in the next video.
What is it that makes you so happy? It's not just a dream, it's something that makes you so happy.
Boy, pambushita, pabulaia, valala, kafuile, takasala pukafi ingavanankwem.
If you like this video, don't forget to like, share and subscribe to my channel.
In Boa, Idea, Toloka, Patushinbi, Tutatum.
Thank you very much for watching, see you in the next video
Shreya Munika Funchen Dei Di, Kua Di Iwala, Nomba, Wadi Sombola, Eichou, Muadi Shara, Ifi Soso.
Kueh na, kut t'chava, ache, mua diy vada, dim b'echon lemba, ii, reza lakachira, mpaka yada mba.
Inbwa, naira rapa enshi. Pamarova, iroro de syakonita enshi. Nishinaimia kono kuru kumo. Umodo.
It's a very beautiful place. It's very beautiful. It's a beautiful place. It's very beautiful.
If you want to make it, you can use a lot of water to make it. If you don't want to make it, you can use a lot of water.
Shimbashi village, Kota Malanga, Hapsana Here, we are going to go to Kota Malanga and then we will go to Kumbi, Kumubi, Kota Malanga We are going to go to Kota Malanga and then we will go to Kota Malanga and then we will go to Kota
Thank you very much. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you in the next video. Bye!
Thank you very much for watching and see you next time.
A member of the NAVA is also a member of the NAVA.
And I'll see you in the next video.
Shirikashi-aga-kui-in-chen-de-dakoryo-monto-nan-gou-mo.
In Boise, Billy Shillerua.
Bu shi'i. Ishi imbuwa. Ishi shayina. Sanna. Shire moneka shani. Mumi monekede. Yamumensu.
Area Molo Budi, Shidelu Mboa. Here you can see Mr. Koya Kaishika. This is his mother, Kanua Kapa Moloa Kaibie.
This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching!
I'm going to show you how to do it.
I'm going to show you how to make this dish with the ingredients you need to make this dish.
In the future, we will be able to build a better home for the future generations.
This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Hey boy, I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed it. See you in the next video.
Hey, Limbina, how are you doing? I'm fine, thanks for watching and see you in the next video.
Now for the next video.
Actually, I do like the idea so much that I don't use the story.
Thank you for watching and see you next time.
Avocations are available in my sister's name, and you can find the link in the description box below.
Hello, my name is Sri Iriha Parana, Pushe. How are you?
Thank you very much for your time.
Thank you for watching, see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for your time.
So I'm gonna call you over.
Now I'm going to show you how to do it.
I don't know, I think I can do it. I don't know what I'm doing.
Avanto Varenda, Momusebo, Omonina, Naikata, Nomuana, Pakuboko.
I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it, I hope you enjoyed it.
This is the last time I've done this video. I'm going to show you how to do it.
Thank you very much for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you very much for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you very much for watching.
Umoshita Tanaka Tane Chora Chafita Monoma
Vash-tattah vavikinan amayoh omonavi mininakon-chen de ukuli avantu avengi.
Umoshita ta na foala ifya fita, umo shita ta afu ele ifya kasikila koupa mo nanamayo.
If you don't like it, you can add it to the pan and let it cook for a while.
We'll see you in the next video.
This is the first time I've ever done a massage with a cup of water.
Balech tenshi avavantu avalongene pamo panse
Vambi na aveminina, elu vambi na avekala panshi.
Thank you very much for watching this video.
I will see you in the next video.
Bon Appetit! Thank you very much for watching! See you next time!
Thank you very much for watching this video, see you in the next video.
Thank you for watching, see you in the next video
I'm going to show you how to make a kukusu, which is a kashika, and I'm going to show you how to make a kukusu with the help of a knife.
Thank you very much for watching this video. See you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching this video, see you in the next video
I'm going to show you how to make a
This is the end of the video. Thank you very much for watching. I hope you enjoyed and have a great time. Please don't forget to subscribe.
Thank you very much for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you in the next video.
Hey Nifio, you don't know what I'm talking about, right? I don't know what I'm talking about, right? I don't know what you're talking about, right?
Thank you very much for watching. See you in the next video.
In this video, I am going to show you how to make the Kale Ambakaviyam. First, you have to make the Kale Ambakaviyam.
Nimbo na, pa mulu wa moutoka, pa yumu ka shana. Eri o yumu ka shana, na e kata kuchi shinbi, pa kutila, ta ponene, nangu loku fulamuka, noku i konto lomukoshi.
Thank you very much for watching this video, I hope you enjoyed it and I will see you in the next video
Thank you very much for watching this video, see you in the next video.
I don't think I'm gonna quit singing. I don't think I'm gonna.
Konchen Roku, Kuremoneka ni Kompanga.
Chachi Inena Sumina, Pantui Mui, Iremoneka, Nainaka.
Thank you very much for watching and see you soon.
Eh, I don't know what it is, but I don't know what it is.
Kaviri e imba na imya umochirawa oko pakubutoka.
Konbari yamuse wo ukuri imbua kuri ifyani, ifyakatapa katapa.
This is how it looks like when you put it in the oven.
Vashkulu Bantu, Wale Angala Nem Boa
If you like this video, don't forget to like this video and subscribe to my channel.
Nipui Samali
Vashkulu Bantu, Vare Naim Bua, Pafiani
Bari kuchi wansachi ako angari lako
If you want, you can use the same method as the other one. If you want, you can use the same method as the other one.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much for watching. If you like this video, please like and share it with your friends. I will see you in the next video. Thank you very much for watching. Thank you very much.
This church is in the middle of nowhere. My husband was about to tell everyone when he came to Emish the man. I had learned a lot from my family that he was going to tell us about the children. That's when our family came to help us out and did a lot for them.
Thank you very much for watching this video. I wish you all a very good day.
I'm going to put it in the oven and let it cool down before I put it in the oven.
This is the first time I've ever seen a cow like this. I've never seen a cow like this before. I've never seen a cow like this before.
I'm going to show you how to make it.
Remember to take good care of your health and take good care of your health.
You are free to do what you want to do, but you are not allowed to do what you want to do.
This is the first time I've ever seen a house like this in my life.
I feel that it's a blessing to be able to do so and live a good life.
And that's the end of the video. Thank you for watching and I'll see you in the next video.
I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you very much for watching.
No, but today, I'm going to teach you a lesson that's never been taught. I'm going to teach you a lesson that's never been taught.
This is the first time I've ever been to a place like this. I've never been to a place like this before. I've never been to a place like this.
My name is Monafi. I'm from Aree, and I'm from Aree, and I'm from Aree, and I'm from Aree, and I'm from Monafi.
Thank you very much for watching, see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
Ushi Uishikuruvantu. Adiori Ravanani Pancendi ii.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video with a new recipe.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
Runa Mai, Oledi, Sensare, Edoarei, Imba, Pancitai, Moine.
Thank you very much for watching this video and I will see you in the next video.
I don't know what's going on. I'm just going to have to go to the toilet.
You are very beautiful. You are very beautiful. You are very beautiful.
I don't know how to say it in English. I don't know how to say it in English. I don't know how to say it in English.
O yomurumendo waabu tenkanda, oryu muituka, alecce cetefipe iyotalashita.
I'm going to show you how to do it.
Today I'm going to show you how to make a Maluva Maluva I'm going to show you how to make Maluva Maluva
Be manini, pan tansi, ac'kul, wa ic'kalanda.
I'm going to mix it with the coconut milk and add it to the margarine.
Hormendo Babeli, Vale Simica, Erio, Umo, Alemontura, Nocomontura.
PAMULU WAI CHIKU RWA NA PAKA ANE LAI CHI
in Boyatulila, Umana, Ichirobi.
I don't know what to say, but I don't know why I'm not listening to the chat. So I'll go ahead and talk to you.
Thank you for watching, see you in the next video.
So that's it. Thank you very much for watching and I'll see you in the next video.
Chire moneka chongoro, eri o kono maiakue umurumendo, kuri ichinbaya nmbaya, nechikoro wa ichitari.
Thank you very much for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you next time.
I'm going to show you how to make it. I'm going to put it in the oven.
Thank you very much for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you next time.
Nainawine ayamoru neyamona, le lo ii ifuile mosa kuta uikara po avantu abengi.
Now, I'm going to show you how to make an apricot cake using a kitchen knife and a paper towel.
This is the end of this video. Thank you very much for watching.
I'm going to show you how to make a game of the game.
I'm going to show you how to modify your machine by using a paper. I'm going to show you how to do it.
In this video, I'm going to show you how to make a simple and easy-to-cook dish that is easy to make and easy to make.
I'm not a good person. I'm not a good person because I'm not good at what I do. I'm not a good person because I'm not good at what I do.
Fishing is the best, but it's not the best fishing you can catch. Because it's not the best fishing you can catch, but fishing is the best. It's not the best fishing you can catch.
Which data do you think will be the most accurate and the most accurate?
I'm going to open my pipe and I'm going to show you how cool it is
Yeah, you know what I'm saying? I don't know if I'm going to be able to do that, but I'm going to be able to do it. I'm going to be able to do it.
Awe kusuma, kule moneka uusakasana, elobash kuru bantu, naba foala nechisote.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching this video.
E Amunin. Vale Amuneta. Eva Langirila. Ii Ine Imbua. Moa Kupita.
This is the first time I've ever seen someone like this in my life. I don't think I've ever seen someone like this in my life.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Now for the air-conditioning. You can use a little bit of water to get rid of the air-conditioning.
Thank you very much for watching.
Eem Buyari Kua Tamasakuaia Sumakavidi Ayaveka Mumukoshi Diari Kua Tamasakuaia Wota To-To Kokanoa Nkwena Kua Liwutu Masakutua Wota Beto Alesha Kumuoulu Nkwena Kuhiwutu Masakutua Wota
Eh, nahy minna, kon se yelinga?
Kono ma koryo-moni to oi-mini-ne are tanbe mo ga iretoro ka.
Elio, Twingy, Otushin B, yadoloka.
Invoi, you're a local to Shinbi.
This is the first time I've ever seen someone like this in my life. This is the first time I've ever seen someone like this in my life.
Nembona, Naitontamensu okoe ile utukila, kainai asama kanua, kaviri ile toloka imilandoshova wikile ishova penta.
So, this is the end of this video. See you in the next video.
Heshenka Sana. Ale imbue ii, wahari sang berisha weeno, Kaveiri ishre mukwangal atemu kucin fian ii changal uchakutoloke milandu, Kai wahari sang berisha fia kutoloka.
Umulumendo naikalapa mupando elonata mbalalanamo lualelanda palilamia
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
Hello Everyone! thank you very much for watching and if you liked our video please like and share and if you liked it please subscribe to our channel
I hope you have a great day and have a wonderful day.
Abana Nabe Kala Panshi, Bambi Valeria, Bambi Navo, Bekele Fye.
E amune, erio avavan avaripari incende, buonse va fishi.
Awe mune, ukuringa nannemi mone kele avo, te kuskuru bali, nakarimo, nikunche nde idea, pasungiramo ava nabanshi iwa.
This is the first time I've ever seen someone like this.
Hello, how are you? I hope you are doing well.
I love her, I really like her and I love her.
Hey, I'm going to show you how to make a beautiful flower. I'm going to show you the number at the bottom of the box.
If you don't want to dye your hair, you can just leave it like that.
In my shithead, ishikulu sana shiviri, nei no no kopanou no himo shirimon panga.
I am not a fan of the language, but I am a fan of the culture of my country. I am not a fan of the language, but I am a fan of the culture of my country.
Thank you very much for watching, see you in the next video
Eek, we're not in the Nakamana. We'll shake it till it's ready to shake and then we'll wash it in the morning.
Boche trimane kefio fin shifento imboa shitatu shiriti tapari iin shita.
This is how it looks like. This is how it looks like. This is how it looks like in Korea.
He know no ne ikului mo pari simbwa ishle moneka isha kashkila. Elio ii imbi ikweta malangia viri. Iriafita neriabuta.
I'm going to show you how to make a chachani chakatapa.
Shireen no muntun angula avantu. Pantun askuatai. Echa kwangasha. Echo shirei luida.
Hello! Balamuneka Navantu Bambi Abalai Endela
Pali bumbaya vantu ekle palunkoto ulusumasana
I live on the field of the lab. I live in the field of the lab. I'm a member of the Alamakirana group, and I'm a part of the Amman.
In Chende Apalya Babantu, it is a TV school.
Ava, avarenda, vare pita mumbari arungkoto, kairitavesh iwi kwe gabao me angurawa kashana.
My name is Mutanda. I am from the Bacchia. I am from the Bacchia region. I am from the Bacchia region. I am from the Bacchia region.
I'll be back soon. I'll see you in my next video. Bye.
Eheh, boy, oalongi gam. De mona nava kolonga na okutela. Balancha anye ko, padhiagus kulung.
Don't worry, I'll be back in a minute. I'll be back in a minute. I'll be back in a minute.
This is what you need to know when you make this recipe. If you don't know how to make this recipe, you can ask me in the comments section below.
This is the end of this video, see you in the next video.
This is a video that I am going to show you. I am going to show you how to make it. I am going to show you how to make it. I am going to show you how to make it. It is important that you watch this video and watch it.
Thank you very much for watching this video, see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching this video and I will see you in the next video.
Kabeeri kuchiwa is really delicious. It's very tasty. If you want to try it, you can try it. I hope you like it.
If you don't know what I'm talking about, I'm going to show you what I'm talking about. I'm going to show you what I'm talking about in the video.
In YMB, it pension, and it's on Sumana. What's in it? It's the only thing that comes to mind when it comes to Sumana. And that's it. Thank you.
Eh, he'll cut you a temishishi ishawuta.
So I'm not here, I don't know how to say it either.
I am going to go outside and I will go to the house where I will be staying So, I will go to the house and I will go to the house
Moana, ale peruka.
This is the end of this video, see you in the next video.
Allah namo entola Apare peluma Parimone kana apawa masana kabine na onfawino Eri o yonmua itche Adu katumushishi wawuta
Thank you very much for watching.
Hi, I'm Cassana. I'm here to talk to you. I'm in the same house as you. I don't want to talk to you, I don't want to go to the club. I want to talk to you. I'm going to tell you all about it.
Thank you very much for watching. If you like this video, please like, share, and subscribe to my channel. See you next time.
Thank you very much for watching, I hope you enjoyed this video, and I will see you in the next video.
So, what should we do? We need to remove the lead tube. If you are upset, upset now.
Oh shere bashte shah fei fia korya nangula nasin bi po
shi tata alepidibula otunama otunono utovachomi kako utumut.
In Boa, it's very easy to make and it's very easy to cook.
That's all for this video, see you in the next video
no, you can't do that. You don't need to walk. You can't do that. If you can't do that, you can't do that.
Now we will make the Kwa-Riba-Ichani-Ijisu-Mangai-Shi. We will make the Kwa-Riba-Ichani-Ijisu-Mangai-Shi.
This is the end of the video. Thank you for watching.
Chachine, Ilefuaia, Okutorokera, Akarimumuuru
If you don't know how to do it, you can just go and do it.
If you don't have money, you don't have a job. If you don't have money, you don't have a job.
Imbua Iripalu Unkoto Nwaiposira Akantu Irelu Reisha Mumuru
Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much.
No, we won't be competing with each other. We'll be competing with each other at school. Hmm. But we'll be competing with each other at school. Hehehehe.
This is the end of this video. Thank you very much for watching.
I was someone who was a good man, a good man. I was a good man, a good man. I was a good man. I was a good man.
Awa ana wale enda patu fiani.
Thank you very much for watching, see you in the next video.
Cool gender, buddy. Curious, fianutu, noutu. Akatapa, akatapa.
Awa na wali batatu umulumendo umo nawa kashanababiri.
Thank you very much for watching, see you in the next video.
Uche Awa Nawa, but if you make a Nangula Awa Nawa Kadamba
Aba Naba, Aba Nafia Shubabu, Aba Dimunganda.
Ava na ava nono vatatu waleo utukapa fian fia katapakatapa ninsangsa.
Thank you very much for watching this video, I hope you enjoyed it, see you in the next video.
That's all for now, I'll see you in the next video.
In chingga, ye langili akashika.
Now for the next video, I'm going to show you how to do it.
I don't have a mother, so I don't have any children. I don't want to have children.
In the name of Allah, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful.
I hope you liked this video. Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
If you are a single person, you will not be able to do what you want to do and you will not be able to do what you want to do and you will not be able to do what you want to do.
This is the first time I've ever seen someone like this in my life.
Omulumendo ale angalila pali ici bomba ici avuta
One moment, I will show you how to do it. Now, I will show you how to do it.
Thank you very much for watching this video.
In Amar, I arrest you in fungo panziati culo.
Now, I'm going to add some more chili powder to the pan and I'm going to add it to the pan.
I'm going to show you how to make it easier to make it easier to make it easier to make it easier.
I hope you enjoyed watching this video. I hope you enjoyed watching this video.
Avaletia vanbi vankanda iafiita vanbi iavuota. Gabili movaletia mo liisumbu iaquenksamu mo pila.
Hello everyone, I'm going to show you how to make a Christmas tree with a Christmas tree on it.
Abaletea, vayam chivansa, vambibha fuere amashachi yam tuntula, nama kaptula yafita.
Thank you very much for watching and I hope you enjoyed this video.
Nibbana Nibbambi Abo Alinabo
If you don't want to use water, you can use a kitchen towel. If you don't want to use a kitchen towel, you can use a kitchen towel. You can use a kitchen towel.
If you don't know how to make it, you can find the recipe in the description box.
I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you very much.
I hope you enjoyed this video, see you in the next video
That's all for this video. See you in the next video.
Lemon is very fragrant and the pepper is very fragrant. Lemon is very fragrant and the pepper is very fragrant.
Umurmendo, Ariangaro, Wangaro, Wakushelela.
Anabwafia, aba itchava, tabon foa, kena parape ni karepa mona pepe.
You have a boy number to catch a man come on check on Palemoneka apatari sana a book I don't Bokeh
Now, the other thing is that you can't do anything about it. You can't do anything about it. You can't do anything about it.
Thank you very much. Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much for your time.
Eruna ii inchende de karako, ile moleka iam virisana nefimuchi.
Nakali Molimbi Awa Bantu Valitimua Incendir Isha Daralila
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
Kaviri, umbina tangila, umbi alipan mayakwe, na umbi alikun mayam nankwe.
Thank you so much for watching and see you in the next video.
I'm going to start by making a pendant. I'm going to tie it up.
Avalomendo, abasungu, valebutoka, monsebo.
I'm going to make a tattoo. I'm going to make it look like this. I'm going to make it look like this.
Hello Mumbali, I am Mumbaya Awanthu, and today I am going to show you how to make a basket bomb.
Here you have it. This is how it looks like. This is how it looks like. This is how it looks like.
I'm going to show you how to do it in English, and then I'm going to show you how to do it in English.
Busheni Chinchi Ale Monekira Uwansansa
I'm going to show you how to make this shirt. I'm going to show you how to make this shirt.
Umulumendo ali wa sansa muka, elio na pentana pamatobu.
Omoa ome o a fita, nai kata o mupila ko minue.
This is the end of the video. Thank you for watching. I will see you in the next video. Bye.
Paparumendo, Konuma, Kumo, Nashintirida, Kuntambo, Eryoumbi, Ekeitekofie, Nakuwako, Kumo, Uka Kokusu.
kumbhari amuse wo kuri awaru mendo batatu nabe mi nina cipari rebe na nabaru sakare varetamba avanabo
kumbhati yamusebo kuremoneka kuawa impanga vadivika nen tambo yabutura omusebo nenpanga
First, I'm going to add some flour to the flour and then I'm going to add it to the dough.
Fin-shavan-avanonu. Vale citta pakatskama lova.
Chine, Avacalambo Bonse, Valetamba, Ifyawana, Valegita, Chparelekuatii, Vafia Shbabu.
If you like this video, don't forget to like, share and subscribe to my channel.
If you have any questions, feel free to post them in the comments below. Thank you very much for watching and see you next time.
Yeah, he's a good boy. He's a good boy.
If you don't know how to cook, you can learn how to cook. If you don't know how to cook, you can learn how to cook.
In Boya Fita, I'll show you how to make a mullet.
Uyumo Lumendo Alinen Chingai Akoe E loa lei ito lo siapa chipulanga Ici demo neke chawuta
This is how it looks like when you put it in the oven.
We'll see you in the next video, and I'll see you in the next video.
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you in the next video. Bye.
Have a wonderful day! Have a great day!
Abhi Kaponashi Kippawabuta, Patina Amashwiyaleti, 30 years, Pe Sanwa.
Now for the next step, I'll show you how to make the Kukasuba. I'll show you how to make the Kashika.
Namayo na samena pakuboku koa koa shitaata pachipuna
I'll let the changgadu cook for a minute or two, and then I'll let it cook for a minute or two.
Number 6 Fin show you more marriage than mumma na Kabiri Mulan don't you have a father if you have fallen for him?
It'll get really chocked up, I'll just let it rest for a bit and then we'll put it back in the fridge.
This is the first time I've made a video on how to make this dish. I'll show you how to make it in the next video.
Uma umena, uma itche, bali, muchi bansa.
So money, Allah Chinomu Nankoyu, iru vachila pikana achiterela eru aya puma umu nanku mumulu, kayu umu nanku na ima mumulu.
So, before we move on to the next video, I'll show you how to do it.
Now I'm going to turn off the fire and I'm going to turn off the fire.
Hello, my name is Senma Panshi, and I'm from the village of Icinso Chakwe.
Yay! This is the first time I've ever seen someone like this. I've never seen anyone like this before. I've never seen anyone like this before.
I don't know what I'm going to say. I don't know what to say. If I don't know what I'm going to say, I'm going to tell the police.
When I was a kid, I used to go to Bangalore to get a pump, but I didn't want to go. I didn't want to go. I didn't want to go. I just wanted to go.
I'm going to show you how to do it.
Wafumakumabumba yavidi ayapsana
This is how it looks like when it's baked. You can also cut it into pieces.
you can eat it it's not a bombayah you can eat it for 2-3 days then you can buy it
Who's here? I am a bomb, but I don't know what to do.
If you want to see the video, click on the link in the description.
Ava niva changara vamupira vakumuru
I will see you in the next video.
I think I will be able to do it.
Umu sevo umu nimu chisan kanu.
What is your name?
Konuma yabashkuru kuri ibumbar yabantu
This is Pansh Bahia Saria Kashkha
Don't forget to subscribe to my channel.
End of the video. Don't forget to like and subscribe.
Ale mone canyonsa anza
They don't talk and I'm going to punch and I'll let you go
Come on now, come on, make a demon out of him.
Thank you very much for watching, I'll see you in the next video.
Comu lu ta fuere i cilicionsi, a kwe te fie i tolo shi i avuta.
I'm going to add a little bit of salt and I'm going to add a little bit of lemon juice to make it taste a little bit better
Thank you very much for watching and if you liked the video, please hit the like button and subscribe to the channel.
Wash it. You'll know what I'm talking about. I'm going to wash it. I'm going to wash it. I'm going to wash it. I'm going to wash it.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I will see you in the next video.
Oyu umaiche ale yangarida munganda, kawiri utu ale yangasha tumo tuam tuntura ele tumbi tuntutua fitta.
Who's she? Polly, if you're back, I'll see you.
Thank you for watching, thank you for watching, I'll see you in the next video.
We shall have a bantu. Finishing, right?
I want what I do now Emelina. But yeah, I want what I do. I want what I do. I want what I do. I want what I do.
So, that's all for today, I hope you enjoyed this video, see you in the next video.
The tea is very healthy and I like it very much. It is very healthy and I like it very much. I will eat it and I will be back.
This banana is very good for your health, but it's also good for your health.
If you don't know how to do it, I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it.
Now, we are going to make the batter. We are going to add the flour and the baking powder to the batter. Then, we are going to add the bread crumbs to the batter. Now, we are going to mix it all together.
Uyukapokora de monareisha ukuashafuaka pakuti apepe
Pancendi kapokorawu murumendo epoe minine padifi kuru e fithari e fia palamayanda
Mayak Agapokola Kudifin Bayanbay Filipita
And that's it. Thank you for watching. See you in the next video.
Umarimunikawasan samkhasana pakumunumubi
Now I'm going to add some water to the pot and let it boil for a while.
Now I'm going to make small pieces and cut them into pieces.
Wushe, finish your letter to Panze, Wusheku!
I'm going to show you how to make this dish, it's very easy and easy to make, you just have to wait for it to cool down
Pansena Pafitasana itchagutifi kulmatafiremonic
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
Once everybody never fall in love with people, if it's a day, never fall in love with a little girl.
Aba ume wa bidi aba buten kandana abe mi nina.
kabiliko no maya kuekulina umusebo wakupitako
Cappi inga ere mone ka ea funda bui nosana.
Omoeche Naiminina Akanseni Mekumulu
It's your full chance that you'll be able to do what you want me to do.
If you don't know how to do it, you can try it at home. If you don't know how to do it, you can try it at home. See you next time.
If you don't have a fork, you can use a fork. This is how it looks like.
Oh shit. I wasn't even thinking about it. I was just wondering if I could find that thing. Uh-oh, I don't know. I can't believe this is happening.
Diena na Contaminana Panshi. Cipari de quarts paria fiarero de chapari lamia e acui.
This is the first time I've ever seen a bird with a bird's eye. It's not as beautiful as it used to be. It's just as beautiful as it used to be. It's just as beautiful as it used to be. It's just as beautiful as it was.
Thank you very much. Thank you very much for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it. See you in the next video.
Much colochimo, muribumbari avantua bengui, apariabalumendo, erionabakashana.
Elio Kabili, Chile, Monaca, Coati, Nipaista, Yabushiku, Nombabushi, Finch, Valetita.
Thank you very much for watching!
Umuntu ale shellela pamenshi. Edio, Kourina umu kuku.
Kunchan deyi, kodi, ameshi, namavimbi.
O yomo koko na okorisha, bushe o monto tanui ne.
Eomuni Uyumuntu ale monika undua kanshua mukusola imikuku
Thank you very much for watching.
Chishinkawa Sosa, Pantumensu Wena, Kutiawana Wena
Kumbhari Amesh, Kuremon Kakwati Nalimo, Kuryomontu Mo.
Thank you very much for watching. See you in the next video.
We're gonna open each of the affidavit.
kumbhari nabaching re kakunama puranga apobemi nene
Nawinga na fuara nende deshi apa winga iya wuta.
She winga nana winga wale upana nabegatane ruba
I'm a sakaiakabua, I'm a sakarala. I'm a sakoyamumu tue, I'm a manamumu uru.
Omonto ale monekakofi okuboko erono okulu.
Thank you very much for your attention.
Akabua akabara la fita erio akabuta.
Pansi, pariamone che i cimutti, nammapura ayenghi.
Kavidin, pan sorokotopadinen saruita di, ifu idea kufin bapu.
If you don't have a knife, you can use a knife to cut it or you can use a knife to cut it.
See you in the next video, thanks for watching.
I don't know if it's true or not, I don't know if it's true or not, I don't know if it's true or not.
I'm not sure if it's fish or something. I don't know if it's fish or something. I don't know if it's fish or something.
Go home and I'll catch you in my neck a pantime. We should be sure to send you to a hospital.
we will start a new life we will start to build a new home we will start to build a new village
Hello, my name is Nafwale Shetiria Wutane, I'm from Macombi, Macombi.
Thank you very much for watching this video and don't forget to like and share this video with your friends and family.
This is the first time I've ever seen a man like him. I don't think I've ever seen him before. I don't think I've ever seen a man like him before.
If you want to eat the chicken, you can use the chicken breast. If you want to eat the chicken breast, you can use the chicken breast.
When the water starts to boil, add the water to the pot and let it boil.
We'll show you a little bit of the Baskoluban. Finish it off.
This is the end of this video. If you liked this video, please subscribe to my channel. Thank you for watching.
Thank you very much for watching this video. See you in the next video.
This is the first time I've ever seen a fish like this, and I've never seen a fish like this before.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
I will see you in the next video.
If you want to go, you have to go to the place where you live. Don't go anywhere else. Go back to the village and stay there.
A baka shana wabili no moa ume umo nawekala. Umo moa baka shana nawekata inkomaki ikuminue elu umbio moa baka shana no moa ume wale belenga mwibukon.
If you have any questions, please post them in the comments section below.
This is the end of this video. Thank you very much for watching.
Finish with a little bit of eminine.
Oli, kukudio na tambalikana amolui a kui.
Avantu, vatatuna, abemi, nina.
Valina, Utuboto, Locuminui.
I hope you enjoyed this video, if you did hit that like button and subscribe to my channel.
And you are going to never fall in love with me too
Kole monika na kutyalala, wonsi nabafuala ifiam pepo.
Chachi Nevali Ava Flwasana Avaltu Ava
Omurumendo naikara panjin ga eronai kata no kubo kokomo
I'm going to turn off the engine.
Hello Panshee, Paricelli.
Un chingano murumento valimo muera.
End it, but now I'm just gonna move.
Elio Ale Munika Kachulu Ale Tumuka Nenjinga
I am Monika, I am Panga Puefintu, and I am a Confucian, a Bantuwinu, a Garimuru.
I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do.
Thank you for watching. If you have any questions, please leave a comment. If you have any questions, please leave a comment. If you have any questions, please leave a comment. Thank you very much.
This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching.
I'll show you how to do it. I'll show you how to do it. I'll show you how to do it.
So, I hope you liked this video. Thank you for watching. If you have any questions, please leave a comment. I will try to answer them. If you have any questions, please leave a comment. See you in the next video.
I hope you liked this video, I'll see you in the next video.
If you don't know how to cook, you can find the recipe in the description box below. Good luck and good luck to you all. See you in the next video.
But before we start, I want to tell you something. If you don't know how to do it, you will not be able to do it.
Cook for a few minutes, then take it out of the oven and let it cool down.
Vaca aquata mafufuakashika kaimu menshi kalesamba.
I'm in Seattle now, no? I'm back in Ghanuina. I'm in Seattle now, I'm in Seattle now.
In Sonakwanoa, filifie fia fita mulandion sama fufu yantui a wuta.
I'm going to show you how to do it in a different way.
Hello, how are you? I'm good. Thank you for watching.
Now I'm going to show you how to change the color of your hair, so you don't have to change the color of your hair.
I hope you enjoyed watching this video, I hope you will continue to watch it.
Kaviri kumbhariya babantu, kurino mu manure mune ko ama kumbhi ma kumbhi.
I hope you enjoyed watching this video.
I hope you enjoyed this video, see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching, I hope you enjoyed this video.
I'm going to show you how to do it.
This is the first time I've ever seen a person like this in my life. This is the first time I've ever seen a baby like this in my life.
If you don't know how to use it, you can already use it with your own hands.
Naka punda mumusowa kalerira sanasi kabilina ke miano kubo kokumu mumulu Eriyo nake katamu pepi sana napamenso yaakue
Who's she? Alina Vanani?
Thank you so much for watching and see you in the next video.
Umuana umuana kashi nalala panshi
We'll see you in a little bit.
This is what we need to do. We need to make sure that the oil is not too hot. If it's too hot, we can add more oil. We need to make sure that the oil is not too hot. If it's too hot, we can add more oil. We need to add more oil.
Alipari siya lielila, kabirinaa fulwa.
Thank you very much for watching, see you in the next video.
I hope you enjoyed this video and I will see you in the next video.
She started a review in MFU Nakamashini.
This is the first time I've ever seen a person like this in my life, and I'm very happy about it.
This is the end of the video. Thank you for watching.
Shita Tushali Fita, Elohimu Yali Butatudu, Eloshonse Shali Kwatamafufu Aenghi.
Now it's time to put it back in the oven and let it cool down a little bit.
In washi ne, shi tatu na shi minina pameishima kasa, eloi mu na ii kala.
If you don't know how to make it, you can use a knife to cut it or you can use a knife to cut it.
I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
This is the first time I've made a video on how to make this dish and how to make this dish at home.
Paria boba boba me apare mue bomba Kura bofuere fia buta Yro bambio fuere fia fita
This is what I'm going to show you in the next video.
Naikwata na matipa kumolu
Bari san birisha wino san e fia ku toloka, kumonafi fintwi, tolu e ke wino.
If you like this video, please give it a thumbs up and subscribe to my channel.
In Boa, Nhai, Isula, Namensu, Pakutuloka.
Eeeh, erio kudiyameishi ayano no nero wa ingi.
Imbua ya trokeramenshi.
Thank you so much for watching, I hope you enjoyed this video and I will see you in the next video
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
Abe kete akasa lukuminui. Wakumona isyo balete ya. Nukumona aba lefua ya. Oku chenjeshya aba nabo.
Umu, nai kata umu nankwe, kuachi arefuaia ukumu ponya. Ero babiri wakateya kunuma baleta mba.
Now I'm going to add some water to the pot and let it boil for a while.
Calumneva vidi, marepepe comuppida, mucivansa, omoline, bomba, iriavantu, avenghisana.
Thank you very much for watching and I will see you in the next video.
This is the first time I've done this, and I'm going to show you how to do it.
I'm going to add some water to the pot and let it boil for a few minutes.
Now I'm going to add some water to the pan and let it cook for a while.
Erio Kaviri Uyumuame. Na fuwara e fiak fuwara fiafita Erio. Namata ki Aya Wuta.
I hope you enjoyed this video, see you next time
Eryo Kaviri Arerishi Shapaensei Yachikurua
This is the end of the video. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you in the next video. Thank you for watching. Goodbye.
This is the first time I've made a video on how to make this cake. I'll show you how to make it.
Add 1 cup of water to the pot and let it boil for a while.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
oobuanga roobuaba kalamba, batimuukuanga lana baiche.
Umu wa nomu wa nakashina shibantu umuawa gu tenkanda, baripe deyaburof.
We'll see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching and I will see you in the next video.
E am kwai, in chinga na yo, na i kwata iñali, lelo tayak i lesana.
This is the first time I've ever seen a person like this in my life. I've never seen a person like this before.
Nishita yabushiku. Namumbari amusebo inyadina shaka.
I hope you enjoyed watching this video.
You can't do this to me. I want to talk to you and give you my blessings. I want to give you my blessings. I want to be with you.
If you don't like it, you can add water to it and mix it with the flour and then cover it with a lid to prevent it from drying out.
This is the end of this video, I hope you enjoyed it, I will see you in the next video.
What the heck?! Aapaba, I'm going to make it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. It's not over yet.
Panshee pali umulumendo ufukeme konai kakane cintu, icho a kakashana kale pantamo.
I'm not going to talk about that, but I'm going to show you how to make a
This is the end of this video, I hope you enjoyed it, see you in the next video
This is the end of this video. Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching this video, see you in the next video.
Mulyawinemuputure, Mulyawantwambi, Abaletamba.
Kono mako di cidui cia fu dai shiati.
Kabe li kounu makulina van tuba le tamba.
This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching.
If that's the case, we'll see if we can combine both.
I'm going to mend off where it's at.
Pamorua Fittaira, Pariumontooi, Menin.
Thank you very much for watching and I'll see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching this video.
Avaumai avakaram vabidi vare angad pakati yajin tu vengi
Ava bantu, warikana likana, warimumbari, waretamba, avalu mendo babili, abari pakatin, abari asiana. Ava bantu ponsuna, aposako saanamanu, iriyoh waretamba.
Avanto avengina vashenguru ka kaibare damba.
When I could teach you for law, could you have done it for me? No, but you should have done it for me.
Thank you very much.
Busy changado, chamsango, shani, chvarecitaapa.
This is the end of the video. Thank you for watching. See you in the next video. Bye.
Chachene, bambina bappeta nama woko pakutsi labare tambabueno, wons e fecisi nkana bapikisha ko san nama ano, nambokisha chifulo chamsangosha nichi.
Today I'm going to show you how to do it.
Now I will show you how to do it. I will show you how to do it by hand.
Thank you very much for watching this video, and I will see you in the next video.
Naka Toroka Newaka Pakuchuruka Urusale Uruachingiri da Incheinde Kareyamu
Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Carrethrochera, Munchende, Iriamoneca, Iacengilidua, Edio, Muariva ifiani, Ifiaco em Papuino.
Akanama Kampanga namasa ko yabu turukira kare moneka kare uttuka pakuturoka umusevo chipare kare fuma mumpanga.
Okushiri Kuline Fimuchi Okutari Kulina Mayanda
Shibirishintu Shafita. He will eat you and kill you.
We'll see you in the next video.
This is the first time I've ever seen a tree like this in my life. I've never seen a tree like this in my life.
Ninsoufine, elotiparirekwati shimba shitatu shangarirapamu.
Shirei Monika Shirei Chena Pashili
In Bwashi, Taddu, Shiripan, Sepaluvan, Sohru, Kuru.
We should finish with the lava, right?
You're welcome, but you're not welcome. You're welcome, but you're welcome.
I hope you enjoyed this video and I will see you in the next video.
Ava Banna, Barisa Beca, Bibi, Kapidi, Ukobari, Kuremunkakuachin, Kululambara, Bbambara, Pantukureamachipa, Kapidi, Nakubombere, Lila.
If you're just part of it, no matter what you do, I want you to do it.
Thanks for watching and see you in the next video.
Come on, mumkosh, na fuara itch parire quartenin koroko. Vaviri, nava quarta, otu pepara kuminui.
Before we start, I want to show you how to make a statue.
I'm going to make a little hole in the top of the bottle. I'm going to make a little hole in the top of the bottle.
And now I'm going to show you how to make it. I'm going to put 5 tablespoons of cheese on it.
Pumukasha na oakashika nai mininakombari yachubomba
Chipari Rekwati Kuri Avantu Abo Arinabu Abari Musa Keshia
If you are not a farmer, you can't find a place to buy tea. The people here are not educated enough to understand what you want and how you want to take care of your family. If you are a farmer, you can find a place to buy coffee, food and food.
Buxê vale pangá apaco tapá menchi
I don't know if you can hear me or not, but I'm not sure if you can hear me or not.
A fuere champepocha fites karamba, iskuitama bat danyayengi, kabirinama tumba.
I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed it and I will see you in the next video.
I'm a little tired, so I'm going to go to the beach.
Kuriwindu Erikuru, Ia Toka, Kukuryokorakue, Omole Emon e Kefi Agusti, Cefi Apsan Apsan.
I hope you enjoyed this video, see you in the next video
Don't need to worry, do the contents, you're going to be taught to conquer a monument.
Thank you very much for watching and I'll see you in the next video.
I'm going to add a little bit of salt and lemon juice to make it a little bit more flavorful.
I hope you enjoyed watching this video. I will see you in the next video.
Kuline Fimuti Ifire Monika Akatala Mukida
Thank you very much for watching this video and I will see you in the next video.
Chachine Ichoa Sosa Moni, Elio, Isirichine, Shilepepeka, Imo, Igwete, Ichakulia.
In kunda, ishiri ki sano, ishawuta, ishiri pupuka.
Thank you very much for your attention.
Namayo Nalala Modisnuna Sekereda.
I hope you have enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed it. See you in the next video.
Alachak Papusha, Limbi Pali Uwangalu Bale Angala, Nhaumu Bale Nangkue.
If you don't have a phone, you can use your phone. If you don't have a phone, you can use your phone.
That is all for today. Thank you for watching and Happy Crafting!
Now I am going to show you how to do it.
I'm going to put a little bit of oil on the pan so that it doesn't burn and then I'm going to put it in the oven.
This is the first time I've ever seen an empire like this in my life.
If you don't know how to make kashumbi, you can go to the store and buy it before you go to the store to buy it. You can buy it from the store, you can buy it from the store, you can buy it from the store, you can buy it from the store.
We will use it to make the dough. We will mix it well and then we will knead it.
I want to warn you, if you don't know how to make this recipe, you can use any recipe you like. See you later.
If you have a small dog, you can use it to feed the dog or to feed the dog outside. If you have a dog, you can use it to feed the dog.
This is the first time I've ever seen a human being like this in my life. This is the first time I've ever seen a human being like this in my life.
There is no need for a place to live. There is no need for a place to live. There is no need for a place to live.
That's all for today. Thank you for watching. See you in the next video.
This is the first time I've ever seen someone like this in my life.
Come on, man, now don't look at me like that.
If you don't know how to do it, please let me know in the comments below.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching and I'll see you in the next video.
Uyui ni umuana na asamuna na mukanoa.
Oumana, oumawme, alimutukah.
Hey, Muneen. I'm going to go to the beach. I'm going to go to the water. I'm going to go to the water.
Chachini, auenana samuna, cavili, pari e fio alepunda.
Apoale bombela, napafita sana.
Omo ome, ale wa mie tibombe luecha kwangushe mirimo.
If you think to the Mokkutu wa fyo bu no no fie, non bechottachelanda wa yo yo nba.
Nafuali, fiakufuali, filingile, momulimuali, umba.
So, that's all for today's video. Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed it.
I think I'm going to get the avant-garde course. I'm going to get you in the end if you don't mind.
Now I am going to show you how to do it.
I'm going to add a little bit of lemon ketchup and a little bit of black pepper.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
I'm going to be using water to get into the canoe and to collect my gear at home.
Now we are going to make the Kalaamba. The skin is a bit hard to peel off. You can even cut it if you want to. You can also use a knife to cut it.
If you don't know what I'm talking about, then you don't know what I'm talking about.
Thank you so much for watching, see you in the next video.
This is the end of the video.
I'm going to show you how to do it in the next video.
I don't know if it's true or not, but I don't know if it's true or not.
in my avutza, it is a contention now I am going to show you the contention
Aokwena noruban soruaba konfitabade pianga ousa di waafula katuisine fiakutshitan.
In Bwasi Biri Shiaume, Shreya Angalapanse Mulung Koto.
A church in Nekabiri, in Baishi Shonse, Shiri Panchen Dapari Amabura Aingisana.
I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it.
You can see the worst things happening ever and that's not the same things that happen to our family and our family. Moreover, we need to stay the same.
ʻUmaʻuweʻo bumba dimo, na fuwara iwiak fuwara fī, iwiak wota, naka putura aka fīta, iro na iwi kata, nakaʻuute, areu ma aka kuteiera.
If you don't want to do it, you can't do it by yourself. If you don't want to do it by yourself, you can't do it by yourself.
It's about such a pen to punch in the language of avuta. Mombari no mushi lua okulu o amu tuntula.
Thank you very much for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed this video and I hope you enjoyed it.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
Avanto Avenghi Navekara Konsei Acheban Sabarit Damba Ochin Fianakwa Kuttea Mopera Wakumam Fyakashimika Kuttea Rako
Thank you very much for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed it. See you next time.
Thank you for joining me today. I hope you will enjoy this video. I hope you will enjoy this video. I hope you will enjoy this video. Thank you for watching.
This year, I'm going to show you how to do it. First, I'm going to show you how to do it. First, I'm going to show you how to do it.
Thank you very much for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it. See you in the next video. Bye!
Thank you very much for watching this video and I will see you in the next video.
I think it's a good idea to do it. But it's not. It's a good idea. It's a good idea. It's a good idea to do it.
I don't know how to speak. I can't speak. I can't speak, I can't speak.
We are Pirauquete Languin, yes!
I'm going to add a little bit of salt and pepper to taste.
My name is Amu and I'm from Ambu.
Hello, my name is Malatua Bota, I'm from Koshina, Kumaolo.
Machungua Machungua
Thank you for watching. I hope you have enjoyed this video. If you haven't, please share it and subscribe to my channel.
Cheer up, Bala! Nemu is dayaka-suva.
In Boa Iafita, Ileangala.
Thank you for watching. See you in the next video. Goodbye.
It's a very good idea to use a lot of water to make it easier to drink. It's a good idea to use a lot of water to make it easier to drink.
Aka kasha na... Kare ro desha ka po shi. Nakadimo? Kare fuaya? Uku katomona.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
uttuvana, uttusungu, tulepeluka, kufishimdi.
エリオーカモーカナカシー カンビーカウンマイ
A kaume, kafuele, ishati, yamakumbi makumbi.
Chine chine, if you're a sosa. Elio, e potulei anga lila, parine fia kuangasha, paria peini.
Hehehe, kue na toa itche pantu kariakambi na kakuata no tumawiro, tumbi mumbadi yewiro, diakunuma utua kua fuirisako. Uusha ishiba ukuchofa pakuti epona.
If you want to know more about this, you can watch the video in the description box below.
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed the video. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed it. Thank you.
Erio Akana Kashi ka fuere fia fita no mushishua kako na ufita.
A kamurumendo ke na karemoneka akansansa pantu na kamuentula eryo kapunamika umutue kunuma.
Don't make a fool of yourself. It's not your fault. You shouldn't have made a fool of yourself.
Elio, na fuara, i chaco fuara, i chaco a ngaridamu.
Eh, Elio, naikata naku kanoa.
Hey, I'm going to show you how to make a pumpkin salad. You can make it by hand or you can make it by hand.
This is the first time I've ever seen a person like this in my life.
This is the first time I've ever seen a woman like this. I've never seen a woman like this before.
A frile alil shiva ko'ua elonafua lana a kaputula kakaue lamo aka mulopa mulopa. Gakadi a kuntansh kawato!
If you don't have a cup, you can use any cup you want.
This is the first time I've ever seen a woman like her. My name is Chicks, and I'm from Kumbakumpepo, and I'm from Kaka Lamba, June, Monozambia.
So, that's all for today. Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you in the next video.
I'm going to add a little bit of salt and pepper to make sure it doesn't stick to the bottom of the pot.
I think it's time to go back to the village. I'm going to go back to the village. I'm going to go back to the village to make some pepper.
Now, I'm going to show you how to make a cake. First, I'm going to cut the cake in half and then I'm going to cut it in half.
You know what? I'm going to get this. I'm going to get this. I'm going to get this.
Oyo moa na, na foala ne fiamte po mootwe kumabokon na pamubili on sewa kwe.
We might say, umame, mounfula iautha na panga itch intubator tsunobo.
Come on, now I'm going to show you how to do it, and I'm going to show you how to do it.
Kuma putule umbi kule moneka shita, tana i kalaku ale moneka lafie i chanuma.
Thank you very much for watching this video, see you in the next video.
Kavili mummu putule, muli nautun tu paka tebulu.
Number 6, Mula and Dunshin by Puna Mine Mumulu
I'm going to feed you the knife and put it on the wall.
and I'll let it cool down a little bit and then I'll put it in the fridge
I don't know what I'm saying, but I'm not sure. I don't know what I'm saying, but I don't know what I'm saying.
Now we are going to add some water to the pot and let it boil for a while. Once it starts to boil, we are going to turn off the stove.
This is the end of this video. I hope you enjoyed it. See you in the next video.
This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching and I'll see you in the next video.
Mote pina avavaviri, karepita umurumendo uure monekakwati, amanue ako irife kumbi.
I'm not going to tell you what I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you what I'm going to tell you.
Hey, I'm going to show you how to do it.
Umu anakashi nae mininamuchipanda umu wa teilo mu pila.
Thank you very much for watching this video.
Thank you very much for watching.
Wushe, nishi abindamini umusangoyu.
Now we're going to add the lemon and garlic to the pan and we're going to add a little bit of salt and pepper.
I don't know what I'm going to do, but I'm going to eat some mochanga.
I don't know how to say it, but I don't know how to say it.
Cheshengh asana. Alashari vatara lapamensu. Kabirishari ne chine chine. E imbuai kwete langiri morine. Idele shembuai nankukai nai mi ammatut. Ushena omona imbuai aseme kukanoa.
Allah, if you feel you are a Kalambanganshi, then you have to tell me the truth. You have to tell me the truth to the Kalamba. As I said, you have to tell me the truth.
In the name of the Lord, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful, the Most Merciful.
In this video, I'm going to show you how to make a fish kalamba. It's very easy and easy to make. You can make it any way you want. It's very easy to make. I'm going to show you how to make it.
Imo Padishimboa, Naikwata, Namasakoya Buta Pantanji, Edobadi Iputura, Namuchira, Naiponya Amadui, Naiasama, Naku Kanwa.
Shonsei Shibiri Nashikwata Imishiki Vashkoveka Mumiko Shin Imo Ikwete Umushipi Wabuta Eryo Imbi Ikwete Umushipi Wafita
In war, shire moneka, shire chena pakwangadam. Bantu, shire moneka shonzena shaa sama. Edo chupadide, shire yugosa.
This is the end of the video. Thank you very much for watching and I will see you in the next video.
This is the main part of the chicken. This is the main part of the chicken. You can also use the chicken breast. This is the main part of the chicken.
Here you go. Hey, what are you doing here? Why are you still here? Why are you still here?
kuryava kashana avasungu avekere pami pando
In Boa, Electoroka Ichinbi, Muchi Bansa.
This is the best mango I've ever made. I'm going to cut it into small pieces. If you want, you can cut it into small pieces.
I'm going to make some gaba kashana. I'm going to put it in the pot. I'm going to add some water.
If you don't have a knife, you can use a knife to cut it and cut it into two pieces.
It's simple. It's a very simple recipe. It's very simple. It's very easy to make and it's very easy to make.
I'm going to go back to my house and have a coffee. I'm going to have a coffee. I'm going to go back to my house and have a coffee.
I leave my sambarachi muttei itchikuru.
Kuriina it's a sir. Jamal at a corner my uncle
Nombapantua Repita, I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed it, see you in the next video
Ah wee, 30 are poni mona fe, if ya tunde me pakuchofen chinga Gakari are poni ni nomba te poni ni
This is the first time I've ever seen a child like this. This is the first time I've ever seen a child like this.
Now for the next step, I'm going to show you how to do it.
Cha-chi-nee, pant-chin-ga, nai-wut-to-ki-shaa.
I'm going to show you how to do it in the next video because I'm going to show you how to do it in the next video.
This is what we need to make our Pansi. We need to make sure that the meat is well cooked.
Liena kunumayawo kuryumu kashan olele engerapamuiishi. Arefua yokumonefili panse kabidinatulumuna me'inso.
If you don't have a knife, you can use a knife. If you don't have a knife, you can use a knife.
Limbi, it's imponpo, c'iculusana, tachilemuku anumu aichi, echo, c'ilefua iroku pona.
Nangula vauhishin, umo eche na fuwala nejim pom pom cha pan chinga, na tisera kuati chili mukupona kumutwe.
Thank you very much for your time.
If you don't know what I'm talking about, I'm going to tell you what I'm going to tell you and what I'm going to tell you
Boense, variamoneka avaparana parana, kunumayavo kuryamayanda yattatu, shuireyamovekara.
If you don't want to go to school, you have to go to school before you can go to school. You have to go to school before you can go to school.
End of the video. Thank you for watching. See you in the next video.
Hey, Walungika. I'm not going to let you do that. I'm going to tell you what, I'm not going to let you do that. I'm not going to let you do that.
Thank you very much for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it. I will see you in the next video. Goodbye.
Why? Shatala Monapwemba yamusanga waimumu wa miwande. Monafifu China. Kaweri wala chireisha wino. Nga kanoa kena. Teto lande. Tawimu Monafifu wa mucilane langirin tu ijikwete.
Kaili Epovale Wutukila Avava Namayo, Balinomuchanga, Owingifie.
and my video by the day over and over again on baseball
Pali Ababa Namayo Wabili, Umona Fuala, Icha Kui Chinggil Show Mutui Chinpompo, Elo Umbi Na Fualan Aakasote.
Panuma ia avavanamayogaviri padhi urungkoto epo avantubemini ne avare tamba
Aleshinda Lama Shingi Chine Chine Ishide Fikanaku 37,000 dollars Alanganui Mukwacha Shingi Kutishanon Shabengi
I don't know if she feels bad, but does she the only one that feels bad? No, of course he does, but she doesn't want to look at me because I see that I'm not the one who feels bad.
Hey, what's up? If you want to know more about me, check out this video.
Nafuewa entulimo limo nififi ine fie, ngata okue teithukue temunonko kula sosefia bi pakumbali a kue.
Thank you very much for watching and I'll see you in the next video.
Now, I'm going to add some white glue to make it easier for you to see.
If you don't know how to do it, you can use your phone number or phone number to get to know how to do it.
It didn't even leave the sun, it didn't even get to the top of the mountain.
and it's still a few of our situations should be the way we get it to be if you go saw
And they are ready to go. I hope you like it. I hope you enjoy it.
This is how it looks like when it's cooked. I'm going to take it out and put it in a bowl.
This is Shile Chenamuchani.
Namayonabashitatababili Valinawaiche Avanonu
MQI. In Chendevalimo, Is Sumanganshi MQI.
Kairi, thank you very much. Thank you very much.
Hello.
To let Monica toilet paper cassana pantoo to let Kululu kafieno moela
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
Twinkie-san, imponga irifianuttu twine uttumaruwa.
Namayo ale puttulina akalilua akawota
I hope you enjoyed watching this video, see you in the next video, bye!
Who's she? Nifeshi? Who's she? I don't know. Alecita? Irohekele? Pachepuna?
Shikulubantu umukkolochi wankanda avuta u kwete indale mumutwe naikala pacipuna.
Thank you very much for watching this video, I hope you enjoyed it and I will see you in the next video.
omoaume o fuele ishati iriakashikanga omo lopa, ninshi ale chikan.
This is a piece of paper. This is a piece of paper. It's a piece of paper that is made of clay, a piece of paper with clay, and it's basically a piece of paper with clay on it. This is a piece of paper with clay on it.
Romendo, Awawa, Muman, Galo, Aya, Kuangasha, Inchin, Ka, Bari, Murubasa, Bari, Angala.
I don't know what you're talking about, but I don't know what you're talking about.
Now I'm going to go get some water and get some water.
Moulin Dunshi, alé to te la amaboko.
This is the first time I'm making this dish. I'm not sure if you can see it or not, but I'm not sure if you can see it or not.
I don't know if I can do it. I don't know if I can do it. I'm not sure if I can do it.
Shikulubantu naikala mochimbaya-mbaya, aletamba imbuam.
I'm going to show you how to make a mango and I'm going to show you how to make it
Now I am going to show you how to make this dish I will show you how to make it
Now I'm going to cut the top of the hair and then I'm going to cut the top of the hair.
Amanda L. Bennett, a member of the Kangan Goh Lea group in the Kangan Goh Lea group, is the president of the Kangan Goh Lea group.
KUNUMAYA KUENU, KURICHI BUMBA CHAPAN, WANIMBAWO
Ahri, what an enemy, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here, she's here.
Thank you very much for watching Kusumassan. I hope you enjoyed the video. See you in the next video. Bye bye.
If you could learn how to play with a finger, then you would be great. If you could play with a finger, then you would be great. If you could play with a finger, then you would be great. Until then, good bye.
Bhanamayo, Vaviri, Valeshanna, Kavir, Navafungola, Erivali Monika, Vansansar, Valeshanna. Pansy, Avonavavika, Ponech, Bokoshi, Umo, Avantu, Vare, Posen, Dala, Marintu, Vare, Pita.
Awaka Shana Wabiri Wale Shana
In Bobalesha, Nako, Shinto Sharida, Buino San.
Eh, eh, I don't know what I'm talking about, I don't know what I'm talking about, I don't know what I'm talking about.
All the ingredients are in the description box.
Kusineihonbara bantu ii de pita mumbari mo musebo.
This is the first time I've done it. I've been using it for a long time. I've been using it for a long time. I've been using it for a long time.
In Buanai, Quaternich, Ntumumukoshi.
Thank you very much for watching, I'll see you in the next video.
In Buanai, Sandy, Ijimutu, Kano.
Kono maya amboa kule moniketina mai tikulu sano.
na foala i champepo i ce langi li avuta.
Omukashaana Naiminina Paeshita Yamuchungulo
Chile Monika Kwadi Alenda, Alai Pakisha Akashita Akasuma
This is the end of the video. Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching, see you in the next video.
Don't say no, but what's out paper, a pobalimbere ati inari kutemo.
Kounumaya Bokuli, Chinku Piti, Wabantu
That's all for this video. Thank you for watching. See you in the next video.
Wonsebatatubale Monikawa Apalana, Quachiniva Munina.
This is the third time I've done this video and I'm going to show you how to do it.
This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching and I'll see you in the next video.
Now I'm going to add a little bit of salt to the pepper to mix it together. I'm going to add a bit of salt to the pepper to mix it together.
I hope you enjoyed this video and that you will like it. I will see you in the next video.
Now I'm going to show you how to make a mini kabe de bafu elefya palanako. You can use any kind of kabe de bafu elefya you like.
Awa kwenate tsui shive, pantu panshi pala maneka fiero ba dieka dieka, nadimoya rishika po chimo panshi.
Thank you very much for your time.
I don't know if it's true or not, but I don't know if it's true or not.
I'm going to show you how to make a kukapanga.
See you in the next video, thank you very much.
Thank you very much. I wish you all the best in your life and good luck.
Even more, you have to look at it and see if you can see it and see if you can see it and see if you can see it.
I'll see you in the next video.
And that's all for today. I hope you enjoyed this video.
I'm going to check a little bit to see if I can do it
Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching, please subscribe and hit the bell icon to get notified when I upload a new video.
Chilamonekakwati, Ushitata, Elrepe, Laiwhilambu, Kualaweena, Uwangalopu
We should always start off early for a few tiny nannies.
MQI ENCHANDE ABALUMENLO ABABALUILAMO UANGALOBU
I don't know how to explain it, but I don't know how to explain it at all.
I don't have a club and I don't have a tambourine.
Now I'm going to make the wheel of my car with a little bit of force.
Malelwila, pamanluba, elu, ama, shethi, wa fwede, yari kuwate, ama nambara, panumah.
Now, I'm going to show you how to make this. I'm going to cut it in half and cut it in half.
Thank you very much for watching, I'll see you in the next video.
AI, ELO KA BIDU KUKUI NE KUDI NE BUMBAS YABAN TU BAMBI YA BALET TAMBO BUANGALO
I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know.
If you don't want to go to the police station, you can't go to the police station.
That's all for this video. Thank you for watching.
Thank you very much for watching.
I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you for watching.
Et de monaca y de palopitín
Inboa, Eli paungi Eli wei di karamba
Thank you very much for your time.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for your time.
Yeah, but that's it for today's video. I'll see you guys in the next video. See you guys in the next video.
Now I'm going to add some pepper and some lemon juice.
Mix well and let it cook for a few minutes.
Kukoringa na nefiyabaru me ndoaba bafuere Chachi ne bangaramangaru ayaku sama
Avalume, Rava, Sungu, Batatuna, Veminina, Varepo, Kefidambo.
Shirei Mone Kanakarimo, Firam Bu Fian Shibarei Poka
I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you so much for watching this video.
Hello, my name is Ababana Kuluvantu, I'm from Lomba, I'm from Lomba, I live in Lomba.
Now, I'm going to show you how to do it and how to do it with your hands.
Ababanakulu bantu wabili, balia bantu abasan samukasan.
Hello! Once I have an appointment with my husband I will be back and I will be back
Well, that's all for now, I'll see you in the next video
Thank you very much for watching, I'll see you next time.
Banshi pare monekana ichbokooshi ichelangi iriabuta
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Now when you make a pitapo, you can make a hole in the pitapo and make a hole in the hole.
Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
This is the first time I've ever seen someone like this in my life.
Chile Monika Kuati, Vanabakwe, Ponce, Patatou.
omo anakashi arin nawa iche watatou
Buon Sama, Nebatas. Buon Abba. Farefya kufa'la y siya, palana.
Thank you very much for your time, Abana.
Okay, thank you very much for watching and I'll see you in the next video. Bye!
Thank you very much for watching. I will see you in the next video. Until then, take care.
I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you in the next video.
What will we be eating? May be it is a big fish. I am sure it is delicious. It is like the fish of a big potato, but it is not that delicious.
Hey boy, you are looking at me. Demona etcheringere na ava avalumendo kutiba leteya omopilam. Pa kutiba omfua amengi ukta lala.
Hey boy, if you already money come, who want to go, who want to pay, who don't free share, we know sana, avalumendo, avenge.
Hello, how are you? I'm fine, thanks for coming to talk to me. See you later, baby.
Avalu Mendo Vane, vali kumbali yamumana, valetia umupila wakumakasa mumichanga.
Now I am going to add the lemon and lemon juice and mix it well.
But we live at night in Fianna Chachini.
LIMB, what's your name? Avali Kumbhata. What's your name?
Thank you so much for watching, I hope you enjoyed this video, I'll see you in the next video
I hope you enjoyed this video. Thanks for watching.
When I'm a baby, I'm a little bit of a baby. But I'm a baby, and I'm a little bit of a baby. It's popo, chanjinga.
If you have any questions, please post them in the comments section below.
Wana mayababidi nabakumbatana.
I'm gonna follow it so that you have a good idea of what I'm going to show you.
Chachi Nemuni, Imboa Shmoneka Uyum Sango, Shilaba Ishkari Ilingi.
E amonio, Elio imboaimon, intuea fita. Elio imbi, intuea buta.
A pa panchen deshiri pari notu fiani utu awma, erio na mawe ayakulu yakulu.
In Boa, Shibirin, Shilea Yangala, Murissu, Nong.
Inbua Shivedi Shirepepe Kana
This is the end of this video, thank you very much for watching.
and I hope you enjoy the video.
Mune imbua ishi shire moneka ishikari kuti shaku suma noku suma
ERO IA FITTER NAI TANGIRA
If you're not used to using a knife, you can use a knife. If you're using a knife, you can use a knife if you want to sharpen it. If you don't want to sharpen it, you can use a knife.
If you like this video, please subscribe to the channel and hit the bell icon.
Pantan Siakwe Pali Imwana Imwi Ikalamba
This is the end of this video, see you in the next video.
Aba omaba kalamba eronom kashana nabe kalapamipando. Pakatskavo palitevulo apalin komboshibidisha fita eronem bareabuta.
That is the head. Then I will take out the first one. After that, I take a little bit of fresh cream and it will go into de Frito kilometers on the first floor at the end. Also you cannot take it when I lie down here reading or if I bite, so I do not.
Awe na kahlia. Vashkulu bantuna balo lesakumbi, kabirina om kassana na lo lesakumbi. Yena pansi apoyom kassana e kere, parinecho ola.
I have to wake up, baby. I have to go to bed, I have to go to bed.
Kairim, Nakasote Afele Uyomurumendo, Kari Fita. Ero o motakwete imisishimu motte wa koe. Adife norupara.
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching this video. See you in the next video.
Nelio, Ababa Lumendo Babili, Bale Amonekakwati, Bale Mucinto Wengi, Mukwai.
I'm at Pannababy, come and see you in the area each over the chain and I'm
In the next video, I will show you how to make a mometpah.
Thank you for watching, see you in the next video
Alina is a mother of Kanoa, and she is a mother of Kupuna.
We should have a little more. Very good.
Valenda, valepalaminam pepi, namensi, cipadirekwati, padifobalifuaya.
We should finish it a little bit.
This is the end of this video. I hope you liked it.
Ava nama, ushe va ne foko o amukama no mu.
Have a nice day and take care.
Vali kulu lamba luabimpa.
But I'm going to go and get my money back. I'm going to get my money back. I'm going to get my money back.
Oh, yeah, but yeah, I'm gonna feel one or both of them. I'm a boy
Hello? Pambadiyanamayofuti. Palayakapuna akashkwete. Avantu aveikelepo.
Mourmendo, ufueresuti, eafita, nasiati, iriabut, amukati, aripaiwa, namayo, vatatu.
Hello, Pambalipia Oumulumendo, Napaekala Namayo Ufuele, Ilaia Iaguta.
Okay, I'm going to start by telling you how to do it. You have to know how to do it at the moment.
Bushevalete tem julco vali
We're going to make a wale to shako, because we're going to make a wale shako mokui, and we're going to cut the wale into pieces.
I hope you enjoyed watching this video and I will see you in the next video.
This is it. Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed the video.
Now I'm going to add some water to the pot and let it boil for a while.
I'll see you in the next video.
Add 1 teaspoon of salt, 1 teaspoon of black pepper, 1 teaspoon of black pepper, and 1 teaspoon of red pepper powder.
Now I'm going to make the sauce. I'm going to add a pinch of salt and I'm going to add a little bit of pepper and I'm going to mix it up.
I'm going to put it in the video and I'll show you how to do it.
More or less, one on the outside and one on the inside.
Punch by the Chichichamulilo.
Abarumendo batatu nade minina mupe tina motoka.
This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Chiramaneka Quatze ababan tubarerungi shamotto ka intubee suire, kabirina basokolanama uiroya akuntansh.
This is the end of the video. Thank you for watching. If you liked the video, don't forget to like, share and subscribe. See you in the next video.
This is the first time I've ever seen a person with a hat like this. I've never seen a hat like this before in my life.
If you don't know how to cook potato, you can use a kitchen knife or a knife to cut it into small pieces. If you don't know how to cook potato, you can use a kitchen knife or a kitchen knife.
If you don't have a big knife, you can use a knife to cut it If you don't have a knife, you can use a knife to cut it and then use a knife to cut it
If you don't have a knife, you can use a knife to cut it. If you don't have a knife, you can use a knife to cut it.
If you don't have a knife, you can use a knife or a knife to cut off the edge of the knife. If you don't have a knife, you can use a knife to cut off the edge of the knife.
Omo ana ka shii, naika la pamba o eka.
and we will see in the next video how to make this but I will see you in the next video
Bamba o ekere pari impote shiwi kukuso koakoi
Pinching the YouTube paper to turn it into a katapa katapa.
In the name of the Lord, the most Gracious, the most Merciful.
Oumusakuta wa Fembele pofie imishiti nangula amalangeti.
Panshia Uyumusakuta Bari Ipulanga Iriwa Manika Ponaifimti
This is the end of this video. See you in the next video.
This is a challenge for the Japanese people, but it is also a challenge for the Japanese people.
our mento bunny now we are going to make a pan se a chukurwa
LONDOLOLA IF YOU INCENDE CHIMOTOKA CHAMTUNTULA ICHIKULU CHILIKU ILE MONECKA
This is the first time I've ever seen a bach penta like this. I've never seen anything like this before.
Bushe, iti chi motoka, iti kulu, ve ta atima zembe, chile mone kashani!
If you want to know more about this video, click the like button and subscribe to my channel.
I am a mangaloia, kitchen siania, uquafialo.
Thank you for watching, see you in the next video
Abashiri Momanga Lovena, Vale Dhyambano Columba.
Thank you very much for watching.
When I was born, I was a child, I was a child, I was a baby, and I was very young.
I am going to show you how to make a tree. First, I will show you how to make it.
Cha chae ne man sosa. Ero pa musa lu mo u mo u ali ehti cha pa li no mo te ngo. Ero ene na mai o na fo ali e cha ampe po cha katapa katapa.
I'm going to show you how to do it in the next video. I'm going to show you how to do it in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching and I will see you in the next video.
I'll start by doing one kind of a voodoo that will require time to shape your voodoo.
If you don't want to do it, you can't do it. You can't do it.
Thank you so much for watching this video and I will see you in the next video.
Hey boy, this is Palakwati, this is the school that I'm going to teach you today. I'm going to teach you how to do it.
Mayo Umo, Uli Nika Fundisham, Alina Uto Anam, Uto Ampendwa, Tulei Angalam.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it. I don't know what I'm going to do. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do it.
Hey boy, now I know what you're talking about. But I don't know what you're talking about.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed it and I will see you in the next video.
Pancende e povechere, paghi i fiora i fing, panshi. Ci demo neka quazi, paghi paluendo.
Thank you for watching and dont forget to subscribe to my channel.
Chachinemunei. Conjendei-i-i-nei. Kuri-i-nei-fi-muti.
Elio, vari chingirila, umuikala inama, pakutti shivutuka.
Thank you very much for watching this video.
Thank you very much for watching this video.
If you don't know how to do it, go to the link in the description below.
Thank you for watching, see you in the next video
That is all for this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you very much for watching.
I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it.
Kounu maya muaumi, kuri avantu bambi, abari mukon kamu. Nave na, vare cilku mu sebo.
This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching.
If we were going to do it, we would do it too. I don't know if you can see it, but it's not my fault.
I'm Dr. Uma Mbemidum. I'm a teacher at the University of Mobile, I'm a teacher at the University of Mobile, I was born in a town and I'm working in a community in the University of Mobile. I'm a teacher at the University of Mobile, I'm a teacher at the University of Mobile.
Thank you very much for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you in the next video. Thank you very much.
Now that we're done, we're going to move on to the next step. We're going to add water to the pot and we're going to add water.
Thank you very much for watching this video and I will see you in the next video.
Runa mai weulita angatā vāvan. Nuk monātu fionse fili fjōbūin.
Thank you very much for watching this video.
Thank you so much for watching, see you in the next video!
Namah yoh are munikangor e pange fintifi apsana apsana rimbia re pangir abantu
Thank you very much for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you in the next video. Bye bye.
This is the first time I've ever seen an avant-garde in my life. But I've never seen an avant-garde in my life before.
I don't know what I'm going to say in this video, but I'll see you in the next video.
I hope you enjoyed watching this video. Thank you very much for watching this video.
Wash a fish and let's do a little mulling
Thank you very much for watching and see you next time.
If you don't know how to make it, please leave a comment below and I'll see you in the next video.
Vakapokola, Abasungu Baviri, Nabe Minina Pamsebu, Monafunga Nama Boko.
Umulumendo na umukashana vadea muistoro. Umulumendo na avika umoana kamabea.
I'm going to add a little bit of water and let it simmer for a little bit more, and then I'm going to check it out.
The first step is to make sure that the water is clean. The water is well-dried and the water is well-dried. The water is well-dried and the water is well-dried.
This is the first time I've seen a person with a long beard. And I've never seen a person with a long beard.
Now finish our event where it's done.
Much evancer, mule monika baka kiawa mo pila.
Avantu Babidi, Balimuchu Bansecha, Mubila.
Omurumendo nai kara mo puture wa kubombera mo.
Omo Putulia Rimo Uremone Kanga Muriamu Studio Bateda Amangaro Yabungolanya
Don't forget to subscribe and leave a like to this video.
I'm going to put the leaves in the gloves before I put them in the oven.
Umalme, ali contender a mexima casa.
We'll see you in the next video.
Umuame aletto loka i cilindi i cittadi i ciri pamenshima kasa
Thank you very much for watching, see you in the next video.
Mushe ale manika shani
Mokutaro kakua koe nasi ninshi okuchi nachi ingirirua.
That's it for this video, thanks for watching!
Let's see how it goes, it's very easy, you have to be careful, you have to stay at home.
Now, for the next video, I'm going to show you how to do it.
Thank you very much for watching, I will see you in the next video.
We will be back with a new video. Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed it. See you in the next video.
You will be able to read them, but I want to go over it in Fianna.
Conch enda ine, kore moneka kusumasana. Koumo ena fieku fikuru wa fiavako.
Vastata Babili, Pomonon Kassana, Bariabai Karapavpuna.
Thank you very much for watching and I'll see you in the next video.
Variabha Kon Tamupefisorobi Lofiabu Nari Mubale Bombenjito
Bon Appetit! I hope you enjoyed this video! See you in the next video!
Thank you so much for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. I will see you in the next video.
I don't know if it's because of the water, but I don't know if it's because of the water. I don't know if it's because of the water.
Thank you very much for watching. If you liked the video, please hit the like button. See you in the next video. Goodbye.
Um kashaana, na e kara pakapuna mu putule ua kudira mu.
Nako be ka ne cha kufua la i cha fita, kumu pando.
Ale moneka ua bombomana
Come on up here, if you're a combative.
This is the first time I've ever seen a person like this in my life. I've never seen a person like this before.
I'm going to show you a little bit of what I've been doing since I was a kid. Thank you for watching.
If you don't want to watch this video, don't forget to hit the like button and share it with your friends.
Vonsi watatu nibana mayo mukwai. Vale shimikanga kuote la nangola kuchipatala.
Wabidinaba fuarai fia fita, ere umu na fuarai shatzi diabuta.
Naveenam Palam Manuvali Munekanaveenanah Vakohatah ifyaakchitah ifyaabu.
Thank you very much for watching this video.
I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it.
Arre, don't, don't, can you? We shouldn't have any ala sangha konganda.
If you don't want to make it too thick, you can use a knife or a knife to cut it into small pieces.
Thank you very much for watching my video, I hope you enjoyed it, I'll see you in the next video
If that's the case Monika, the chicken that was cooked in the oven will be taken out of the pan and will be cooked in the oven.
What do you want to say? I want to cut out your bones. That's it. If you have bones, you have bones.
Sireyangala, kabiri, shibiri, nasi kala, pakwangala.
Shirinamalangi Aboota, Nayasi, Turukira.
In Bashtatu, Shirimuchivansa, Munchtayaka Suva.
Iwumba liaba kalamba abaume aba nakrashi nabe kara munganda naba shinguruka itteburo balelia
Namayo ekele pakati na sota umunui kufyo vare lulisha vwansi.
If you are a Kulia, not a Pekanishua, area umulumende umo ue minine, ala akanya if you are a Kulia.
Before we start the video, we need to learn how to make a cow. We need to learn how to make a cow. We need to learn how to make a cow.
I hope you enjoyed this video. I will see you in the next video. Bye bye.
If you don't have a knife, you can use a knife to cut it.
Thank you very much for watching, I hope you enjoyed this video and I will see you in the next video.
Avant tout, Avinginababungananef Pampafiafpepala.
I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say, but I don't know what to say.
And that's it. See you in the next video.
If you want to learn more, you need to learn a lot, a lot of things, a lot of things to learn.
Nomba mumbari am sego, mule mone ko moa shiko, pantumori, amawe, moave fi pepala.
Umolumento ka pokola aleenda noku boku kumomui tumba.
She didn't want to go to school, she didn't want to go to school, she didn't want to go to school.
Thank you very much for watching.
Thank you very much for watching and I'll see you in the next video.
Kavidi, na, fuara na magalashi, comenso.
Thank you very much for watching.
Uyumu anakashi alenino lupiri ulutari
Now I'm going to add some water to the pot.
Panshe Panthwadi, Paliutu Fiela utwale kana re kana utwakurungi shisha ako.
Shikulubantu naisulana kuntanshi ya cimbaya-mbaya.
Shikurubantu, alerungisha, ishimbaya-ambaya.
Pane shippene parinakachela akwa karemoneka akka mulopa mulopa
Erio Untubale Pitta Mule Shala Na Muleanga Nama Kasa
Omo omo kashana nabutukisha ukochida omo bie.
I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed it.
E'amuni, Uyushali Le, Alemonika Takwata Urubilo.
I'm going to cut the top of the head and cut the front of the head. I'm going to cut the back of the head.
It's over a week and I don't know what's going on. It's over a week and I don't know what's going on.
You can do it. You can do it. You can do it. You can do it.
If you don't want to do it, you can do it with your own hands.
Nai kata koto shinbi, eryo aimiya amoru, momoru.
Omoece ale an garafe eka
We will end here, thank you.
Finshi i lecita pacani
Thank you very much for your time.
But if you're there, I'm going to show you what I'm going to do.
Kono maya i ko kuli i fiani i fitali, u kuchila a poilele.
Omanakashu mo nai kala panshi, imboa shire yangala.
If you like this video, please give it a thumbs up and subscribe to the channel.
Alley Damba Eko Imbua Shirei Angala
Thank you very much for watching, see you in the next video.
Siddhartha Nannamayo, Vali Pachangaru Chakushana.
This is not good. If you want to start a business, you have to pay for it. If you want to start a business, you have to pay for it.
Namayo afuere irai ari akashika Nen sapato isha akashika Kabirine te akui chingira kumin mena fyo fia akashika
Erochile Palawari Shibishwoku Shana Kum Monafi Isobe Minine Rintware Shana
The first step is to add the water and mix it well. The second step is to add the water and mix it well. The second step is to mix it well.
This is how it looks like when it's cooked. You can also use any other ingredients you like. This is how it looks like when it's cooked.
Wushaishimba, shikwete ama fufu yamsangoshani?
Buse changalun si simba shile hangala
Konu Mayaku, Kuri Umumana, Konbariya Kukuri Chiyomuti.
Very enough, we are now going to cut it like this.
Shikorubantu umusungu naikara pamupando.
Avantu, avare ka nare ka na, pari avau mena wana kashi. Va mishe enkue apsana apsana. Avantu kan de afita, vari panchen de imo.
I've been to a bank and a feet and we'll if you're a full of yaps and I'm a Lange I don't have a mental ability to work where I'm a shaggy I'm a full of Yabu I had a pambiri video now I'm on my own baby we should see now Sakalala
Elio Peteburo Pali Akawokoshi Na Ichi Pali Linga Ichitawo Mupepi
Nama yo wankanda ya wuta aloreshi e mutsitabou. Washi tatabari mo pepi, aloreshi e kufiko pei kuchi wumba.
Eriona Maya Watubiriena afuele koutiri akashika e yinchen de kuati yari talala.
I'm not sure if I'm going to get a job or not. I'm not sure if I'm going to get a job or not.
Kato Ishinga Kari Patanave Nika Pooja ka.
Now I am going to pump the water and pour the water into the pot.
I have a baby now that I have a very very thin nailing at the same time.
This is the first time I've ever been to Kangari, in Papanmul.
Kounu Maya Uyumu Aume Kuremonike Chimba Yamba Echi Minini.
In Biappari, Nemupepe, Pinappaciteshene, Apoabantu, Bakuere, Lamo Massaccia.
If you want to learn more, you can find the link in the description below.
Thank you very much for watching and I hope you enjoyed this video.
Now I'm going to add water to the pot and let it boil for a few minutes.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching and I will see you in the next video.
Bushé! You know what? I'm going to show you how to make a water bottle and then I'll show you how to make a rubber bottle See you later!
Thank you very much for watching and see you next time.
Thank you very much for watching.
I'm a combinaio, and I'm a Monikaia Fita. I'm a French-Philippe, and I'm a Monumento Afoere.
Thank you very much for your time.
I don't know if you can understand what I'm saying. I'm just saying that I'm not going to tell you what I'm saying. I'm just saying that I'm not going to tell you what I'm saying.
kumbhariya kue kuri avantu awalei piti la iro ale pupusha icha kuangasha chama langia le kanale kananga un kolam fula reinbo
We're now on our first day of the year, and we're going to do our first day of the year.
Thank you very much for watching and I'll see you in the next video.
If you'd like to take a look at FCCB, you can find it in the description below. It's been a long time since the last time I've been on a show, and it's been a long time since I've been on a show.
This is the first time I've ever seen a plant like this, and this is the first time I've ever seen a plant like this.
Thank you very much for your time, Patryak, Patrypuna, thank you very much for your time.
It's a little boy, but he has a lot of water, and he doesn't have it in his shoe.
Monument of Alessalola, Fiaxalola, Papua Ipica.
Omo kashana arelo le chapafio omo lumendo aleipi.
Pateburo, Pali, Invegeti, Yamakombi, Makombi, Omaonori, Fulaola.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
Pariyava abarumendo chinerubari babiri vankandeya fita ejo abambivasano vankanda yavuta.
Voshe, he incendi, avava lumendo valico, elemone kashani!
Parichich Kope, Pariavalu Mendo, Chinalu Bari, Avalenda, Mumusebo.
I'm not sure what to say. I don't know what to say. I don't know what to say. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you next time.
She let Monica if you owe you one or more or no All the angle I'm up at the November Arifie
Boche, chile moneka okutifin shifiri paribemba okuri o yomohana, o mo kashiana, o wa chai chan.
Thank you for watching and I will see you in the next video.

Mui bomba mulina kamuaiche akale enda.
This is the first time I've ever seen someone like this in my life. I've never seen anyone like this before in my life. Thank you very much, and may God bless you.
And understand, it is very important to understand that the person who is speaking the language is the one who is speaking the language. The person who is speaking the language is the one who is speaking the language.
Jishin Kasana. Inchendei ka lambda. Kavilii, eko avantu wa amukoto seisha. Kavilii, Inchendei, waarii bangoku bonfya otushinbi, nga fititumuene, nga fimbi fenshi.
I'm not sure what the reason is. I'm not sure what the reason is. I don't know what the reason is. I don't know what the reason is.
I'll show you how to do it. I'll show you how to do it.
Shikurubantu mo nai kara kopa ka punapa chite shie ni.
Kumbhali, Kulektana, Namaio, Pantangea, Matuka.
We'll see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for your time.
No cutarara kuena, na cutarara, na makatakwete, kanjifiya kuriefifiya la mupusushyako.
So, this is the end of this video. Thank you for watching.
Thank you very much for watching this video.
I'm not sure if it's going to be a bomb or a computer, but I'm not sure if it's going to be a bomb or a computer.
I have no idea what's going on, I can't even imagine what's going on. I'm just going to go and check my computer.
I don't have a phone, so I'm going to use a computer.
Nichen shichira eike te kogo boku wa kukuru yo. Uchiwa reisei shia.
Thank you very much for watching and I will see you in the next video.
Now I'm going to add some water to the pot and let it boil for a few minutes.
I will show you how to make it. I will show you how to make it. I will show you how to make it.
Now I'm going to add the spices and mix it well.
Once they are ready now, I will follow you through the video.
Thank you very much for watching and I'll see you in the next video.
Vale Monika Quachina Bannakasana
Appa valiva repitta, paka tsukama yanda.
In Guay, Stata, Uyuh, Echirem, Custa, Pofimum, Ababando.
And that's the end of the video. See you next time.
This is the end of the video. See you in the next video.
We'll see you in the next video.
I don't know if you can hear me or not. I don't know if you can hear me or not. I don't know if you can hear me or not.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
Eh, chatine. Cavirina, fuara neto lo shiria macumbi macumbi.
Kona nomuana vadimunganda vabidi vade iruresha.
Kona Adero Reshaumwana Wonseba Limpanshi Munganda
Human and I call up our language.
Who could have said no to Filda?
I hope you enjoyed this video. Thanks for watching!
I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed it as much as I did.
and if we have a lot of money, we will have a lot of money in the years to come.
Adio, kure monika ko atsukurinomu manaba panga, luam pepi.
I'm going to go to the village and ask my father to take care of the animals. He's going to take care of the animals and I'm going to go to the village to take care of the animals.
Now, I'm going to add a little bit of water to make it look more natural. Now I'm going to add a little bit of water to make it look more natural.
Chachini, adimu kalale, adimu installe, indelamo, ninshaban tutta, vale pittana.
Hello, my name is Elio and I'm from the school of Montoalenda. I'm from the school of Palayamalai. I'm from the school of Kupera. I'm from the school of Mosewa. I'm from the school of Shestanya. I'm from the school of Popu. I'm from the school of Mishoka.
Thank you very much for watching, I hope you enjoyed this video, see you in the next video.
and I hope my mother will be able to take care of me, and that I will be able to take care of my children.
That's all for this video. Thank you for watching and I'll see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching this video and see you in the next video.
Thank you so much for watching this video and I hope you enjoyed this video as much as I did and I wish you all the best.
Nomba Mule omuputule Mule amonekana kawati kai katirila kuchi bomba. Boshi ne kuesa uyomu anakash ali.
Oumu anakashi arimumu puture wa kui pikiramu. Pantumuru oumu puture murine embeketu murin bare shaluongekawinu din amurine chaku wikamu ameshipakutira are tarala.
kumu kuku di undama
E'shati ya ko yama kumbi ma kumbi
we'll see you in the next video
Monument or limo-mokunin-jin-ga?
This is the first time I've ever seen a person like this in my life, and I've never seen a person like this before.
Chachi no aso samune, erio nai kata naka sote aka fita, erio ne chitabo chakashika.
I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it. I'll show you how to do it.
If you want to get rid of the dust or dust, you can use a brush or a brush to get rid of the dust.
Cheenemuasa sa, eluna kayaan deke ni karemonika kuatya mui kara uttuin uttungunda.
Thank you very much for watching this video, see you in the next video.
This is the first time I've ever seen a fish like this. I've never seen a fish like this before.
Thank you very much for watching.
Chilepala Nishtayalu Suba, H.O. Afueli Akashati, Aka Bulamaboku
Alina if ya could ya packa ballet fintu alalia?
I'm going to show you a little bit of what I'm going to show you.
This is the end of the video. Thank you for watching.
It's been two hours since the last time I've been here. I've been here for a long time. I've been here for a long time. I've been here for a long time.
Hey, how are you doing? How's school going? How's school going? How's school going? How's school going?
Hey guys, this is Monika Tinnikus from Masambirirua, Kalamba.
Kappukura umonai minna naruteshana mumbari, kuno maakue kujina i mumbari avantu iri enda.
Bebumbari avantu kun maia kwen, baliva kapokola banan kwen, elion avantu avale pitafiem.
I don't know what to say about this video, but I'll see you in the next video.
Now I will cut the top of the head and cut the other side of the head and I will cut the other side of the head and cut the other side of the head
I hope you enjoyed this video, see you next time.
wambi nabu wale tamba menshi wambi wale isha kunduk ko awa masah na uku
This is the end of this video. Thank you very much for watching.
and understand that it is a value for you if you use it, you will not be able to see it
Shoyu muaume no mua na kashi, nekoi savari o guriame enji.
I'm going to show you how to do it with a little bit of water and a little bit of salt.
you can add more if you want you can add more if you want 1 lemon or 1 lemon
This is the first time I've ever seen a plant like this in my life.
Paruwao Operation Parishupa Pantukutua Lassen Shindano Injection Mui Fupa Idiofu Idiokulasa Mumunofu Eichorubuto
I'm going to open it again to see how it's going to look like. I'm going to cut it in half and then I'm going to spray it.
Washi ngang gababili, baleh le pulomuluele, palu ba'o.
I will see you again in the next video.
Thank you so much for watching. I hope you enjoyed it. I wish you all the best. I hope you enjoy it. I'm going to make a video about the
Ninsimona. Isimiotokashiwiri. Shikwete i langirimori ne. Shiremonekesha kashika. Eliwarirumbi. Kulikwete fie i afita.
Thank you so much for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you in the next video. Thank you.
Nangola Chingabethio Achepesha Kuenanga Alimoana Weso Kutinamitobamo Indopi Kumasaya
but they cut them back here when they're in the car they put them in their hands
I hope you enjoyed watching this video. I hope you enjoyed watching this video. I hope you enjoyed watching this video.
I'm going to show you how to do this with a daily punch.
I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed the video. See you in the next video.
As you can see, this is the first time I've done a video on how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it.
This is what we need to do. This is what we need to do until we get to the end of the day.
You can't go anywhere, you can't go anywhere, you can't go to school, you can't go to school.
This is the end of this video. See you in the next video.
I'm going to add a little bit of water and I'm going to mix it up
I am a little bit of a contention for the occasion. I hope you have a good time, and I will see you in the next video.
When it starts to come out of the pot, we will add a small pot on top of the pot.
Limbi vare faya ukumona gomana hadishiva kubomfia itchekete.
Thank you very much for watching this video.
Vanina Navauishi, Navai Karida, Valesimica.
Thank you for watching, see you in the next video
A'amunu, ale moneka pali ifu ale punda atemwa uquimba.
Umostata o fuele i shatze de amakumbi-makumbi na punda.
You can copy and paste it on your computer, but you can also download it on your computer.
Vajtata, Vasano, Vadimomusevo.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
Hola monabuino sana, infuala si ninama, e icho ufire fiewabika kuamano, pantu kuku sukusa, shake you off.
Now, I'm going to put it on the plate, and I'm going to mix it with a spatula to make it look like a cake.
E utangiri le nababia kuntanshi. Nombali mu bwafi ango ule pona.
This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching.
Thank you very much for watching this video and I will see you in the next video.
This is the end of this video. Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video.
I hope you enjoyed today's video. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you enjoyed it. I'll see you in the next video.
Kaviri afuere akashatka akashikirira Kaviri nakoveka nakashola kakominoi
Thank you very much for watching this video, see you in the next video.
Pramatuka Ayaku Chayna Avantu Navi Karapanse
Pamathepuro Avantu Nave Karavareya
Umakasha nanayumeni napalmuiishi.
Aleštiša ifyakulija
Thank you very much for watching and I will see you in the next video.
This is the end of this video. Thank you very much for watching and I will see you in the next video.
This is the end of the video, I hope you enjoyed it, I will see you in the next video
Limbi Maasako Ayalinga Kutche Feremonika Ifi Kulusana
Naisenda ichindo kukanoa, Ushanjinshi koete.
If you don't want to use a plastic bag, try using a plastic bag.
Now the Moneka is ready to be served. The Moneka is ready to be served.
In my opinion, it is the most important thing to do.
Diena, Apoidi, Naimianorukungu, Luingi, Chirikwatiya Chirabutuka, Eroba Isukushira, Kaka Mupira Koeire, Fokui Kata.
This is the end of the video. Thank you for watching.
Hey, how are you doing? I'm going to go and get some coffee, and then I'll be back in a bit.
A. I. L. H. Vansana Cho Chikwete Chani Chakatapa Katapa
Okusoko de Motoka
Mulu barikuli, fibi imbai, filet on de kokoakuiya.
Abarumendo va vidi valensha if tuk tuk tukupam sevo uvushku.
Kuri amadaichi, aya kuru, aya leyaka, kuru bade, yamusebo, kuri ifikuru.
Umurumendo arechofa injinga na fuarana captura iabu daninsapato.
Kumpera, Kuli Ibumbari Avantu, Nechikura Ichitadi.
Nafwala akasote akawutairo nakapirabura.
Ukulyoku de Avalumento Babiriba de Enda.
This is the first time I've made a garash, I'll show you how to make it
This is the end of the video. See you in the next video.
Now I'm going to show you how to make the Kacharnabalipam. I'm going to show you how to make the Kacharnabalipam with the Kacharnabalipam.
Once we're in a farm, I'm gonna share with you a quick thing that I could work on. I'll put the ones that I could work on in February and then I'll let you work on the next one.
When it's hot, it's very easy to cook. If you don't have a stove, you can use a stove. Or if you have a stove, you can use a stove.
This is the end of this video. Thank you very much for watching.
Chama Sana, Pantua Kalalaka, Barika Rumbanya Sana
Munchan de monto adi koena, mutine cimbaya ambaya itchamutunturua.
You won't be able to do it, but you'll be able to do it with your own hands.
I'm going to show you how to make a gift that you can buy and buy.
I'm going to show you how to do it in the video.
I'm going to show you how to make a beautiful island in Ireland. I'm going to show you how to make a beautiful island in Ireland.
Shikulu bantu umo na foala ifyafita na sunsana akamoanam. Pantanshi yakuen palina na maio ureenda.
So, that's it for today. See you in the next video.
Hey, today I'm going to show you how to do it. But first, I'm going to show you how to do it.
If you should learn how to speak, you can learn how to speak, you can learn how to speak, and you can learn how to speak.
Now I'm going to show you how to do it with your hands.
I am not going to repeat the same thing again. I am not going to repeat the same thing again.
Abakashana Babirinaba Lumendo Balenda
Chillay, Monika, Quattro, Nakarimova, Ripakati, Ampili.
This church is called Sumina. It was built in the late 19th century. It was built in the late 19th century. It was built in the late 19th century.
If you don't know how to do it, you will not be able to do it. You will not be able to do it.
Thank you for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. Please subscribe to my channel. See you in the next video. Bye.
I hope you enjoyed this video, I will see you in the next video.
Ichi-chi-te-shen-ichande-ke Nangola-i-chawashi Pantua-bantua-bapsana-psana Nava-kunchen-yoku Kaviribambi Nava-fua-rabu-in-osana
Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you.
Nimbonah. It's your mother. Why don't you get a chance? Why don't you get a job? Why don't you get a job? Why don't you get a job? Why don't you get a job? I feel I'm going to get it.
Thank you very much for watching. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you next time.
Thank you very much for your time, and thank you very much for your attention.
This is the first time I've ever seen a person like this in my life. This is the first time I've ever seen a person like this in my life.
I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it. I'll show you how to do it.
Thank you very much for watching this video, see you in the next video.
Awakasha nanabar mendo abengina wa korongana pachiforo chomo pa nishitayakasu wa.
Come in when I'm a man flag
In this video, I'm going to show you how to make a flower with the same color as the other flowers.
Konu mayaboku lickulu wa icka lambe icoba pangirana ama buloko yakashika
Vashkulu Bant Vata Tovali Muchi Vansa
Before that, I would like to thank all of you for watching this video.
Shikurubantu na Nakurubantu na Bapunaminamumuro.
But I don't know if it's good, if it's not Chinese, if it's bad, I don't know.
This is the first time I've done this, and it's been a while since I've done this, and it's been a while since I've done this, and it's been a while since I've done this.
It's not enough. I don't want to eat it. I don't want to eat it.
muribana mayo na vasitata munjende i
I'm going to open up some of these. Very easy.
Mone Mumpanga Mone, Kaibibari Panga nobunalowutal di sana, kumulafempirukuticinecine Mumpanga.
I'm a human being. I'm a very poor person. I'm a very poor person. I'm a human being. I'm not a human being.
I'm a man, I'm a man. I've always been a man, so I've always wanted to get my own life.
Allah, jishinka, elu, inchen, dekwari, furefimuti, namawe aya karanbechi ne.
If you like this video, don't forget to like this video and subscribe to my channel.
Vale monaca quads vale ponda. Nadimo kudiso vale rumbi di siya.
Wonsei, apa, varia moneka, navafuara, amakarashi, omofie, eushkwete.
I'm not going to tell you anything about this. I'm not going to tell you anything about this.
This is the first time I've ever seen someone like this in my life.
Pantho-e-e-ke-le-o-in-a-ma-yo, nupakasa-lu-fe, kanto-anshi-ke-panshi.
I don't remember what I said. I don't remember what I said.
Namah ayo, alikum par yammana, aletushah.
Let's see what we can do. I'll show you how to do it. I'll show you how to do it.
This is the first time I've done this, but I don't know if it's because I'm not used to it.
In Boshi Birisha, Balala, in Ononnei Kalambashree, Angalapachan.
Now, it's time to make the sauce.
Momosebo muli na umbi un kashana apapide ichola ka fita.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching this video, I hope you enjoyed it and I will see you in the next video.
Pachibumba, Chetuka, Palemberuena, Malembo, Ayakashika, Ichiwina, Chisalika, Naka Pampakawuta, Karipambari, Eryokun, Mayamukasha, Nahu, Sendera, Kachola, Kakatapakatapa.
I'm going to use a little bit of water to get rid of all the dirt that comes out of it.
We wish you a long, long life.
I'm going to show you how to make a muskupala. I'm going to show you how to make muskupala.
I hope you enjoyed this video, see you in the next video
I hope you liked the video. Don't forget to subscribe. And don't forget to click the bell icon. And I'll see you next time. Bye!
This is the end of this video. Thank you very much for watching.
Thank you very much for watching this video, see you in the next video.
Paryum war nakashui mini ne pambari ako e kabeiri na foalech sote chakumutwe chafita na ekata na matumba.
This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
I hope you enjoyed this video, see you in the next video
I'm going to add some water to the pot and then I'm going to turn it off and I'm going to let it cook for a while.
With my avocadena fiembif, plututu apadi abantu, le alofi le aluva di lumbi.
put the tofu in the pot and check if the omelette is cooked
I'm going to show you how to do it, if you don't know how to do it, you can do it by yourself.
Ava shirika vengi, panama yon avashitata, naa ve menina.
This is the first time I've seen a person like this. I've never seen a person like this before.
Hey, I'm gonna Bambi, why don't you come and take me home? Bambi, why don't you come and take me home? I'm gonna go and get my things
I hope you enjoyed this video, if you did please give me a thumbs up, it helps me out a lot.
Sanna, naba penika, erio utangi le, naimia utukondo tubidi mumulu.
Elio va bili va fuele i fiavuta Elio umon a fuele i shatili afita
Eri o bali ava avakashana Babili bali nomu shishua fita Eri o mo no akashika
avakashana vatattu avayimba baleemika
Thank you so much for watching and I will see you in the next video.
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video!
Now I will show you how to make the mucicula.
I'm going to turn on the stove and turn on the stove. I'm going to turn on the stove and turn on the stove.
Thank you very much for watching, I hope you enjoyed this video, I will see you in the next video
Thank you very much for watching, I will see you in the next video
Numbum kashona nankue, bani amuso shaba rumendo, de la mano e acuarefe peridamia.
This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching. See you in the next video.
Thank you very much, God bless you and God bless you all.
Thank you very much for your time, and thank you very much for your time, and thank you very much for your time.
Thank you very much for watching, I'll see you in the next video.
Kuti abalelo le lo kum fueh febamun piminen fefumine Nangum temui koa shindii ke kutipatara
Thank you very much for watching this video. I will see you in the next video.
Once I'm going to go outside, I'm going to go to Macombie, Macombie and then I'm going to go to the other side of the city
I don't know, but I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that. I'm going to put the paper on the table.
Yeah
Kolev Monika Kwati, na ku fita kundo vali.
I'm going to show you how to do it in the next video, I'm going to show you how to do it in the next video
I hope you liked the video. Thank you very much for watching this video. I will see you in the next video. Bye Bye.
Eh, I don't know. I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know. I don't know what you're talking about.
The other thing is, if you have a child and you have a lot of problems with your child, you can't go to school and you can't go to school. You can't go to school and you can't go to school. You can't go to school and you can't go to school.
But once never fall if you fall if you're a palan. Who's she? Moulin, do you see her fall? Moulin, you must hang on.
I'm going to show you how to make it in a small bowl. I'm going to make it in a small bowl. I'm going to cut it in half. I'm going to cut it in half. I'm going to cut it in half.
Nombakanshi, Nikuisa, Aleya, Uyushita
3 hours later, the dough is ready.
That's all for today. Thank you for watching.
This is my request. If you want to see the movie, if you want to see it, you can watch it.
If you don't have a friend, you can ask them for a discount, if you have a friend, you can ask them for a discount.
Rambi avanakashi pavaleshitsisha vafuele ifyakashika kavili valeshitsisha ifintu pamongi misaru.
Now I'm going to add some marquettes. I'm going to add some bananas. Some potatoes. I'm going to add some salt.
I don't know if I'm not going to get my money back or not. I don't know if I'll get it back or not, I don't know how I'm going to do it.
Nenba mwana, nabobene ware yung fisha wino, ware lila pamukai ware lanshanya, ware sekerela elu unbi arife eka.
Thank you for listening. I'm going to leave now. I'm going to go to the living room. I have to go to the kitchen. I have to go to the kitchen. I'm going to go to the kitchen.
Now it's your turn. If you don't mind, if you don't mind, you can go back to school. See you.
In the past, there was a lot of people who lived in the area, such as the people of Wakura, Akaapo, Roroka, Nishi, Narure, Panshi.
I'm going to show you how to make this. I'm going to put the lemon in the pot. I'm going to put it in the pot. I'm going to add a little bit of pepper.
Now it's time to cut the meat and put it in the pot. This is what it looks like. This is what it looks like. This is what it looks like. This is how it looks.
If you don't know how to use the word, you can use the word as an example of how to use the word.
They want to send a report to you, but they can't.
I'm going to show you how to do it.
Hello, if you're the engine guy, I'll show you how to do it, but I'll show you how to do it.
Thank you very much for watching and I will see you in the next video.
Kuli e i nchen de, u yu maume ariko kuli fiku uwa ne misebo kaberikuli i nchen de kuri ne ntamboh isha malayi tsu.
Who's she? What's she doing? She's not even looking at me. She's just looking at me. She's just looking at me. She's just looking at me.
Thank you very much for watching and I will see you in the next video.
You can see that I'm not only doing this because I'm not a human being but also because I'm not a human being. I'm not human!
If you don't know how to do it, you can go to my channel and click on the like button.
I hope you enjoyed this video, and I'll see you in the next video.
I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed it and I hope you enjoyed it too.
This is what I'm going to show you in this video.
Mayo Kuntansiakwe, Nafuala Itoroshi, Naisha Ti Riamabokoyatari.
She doesn't know what she's doing. And she doesn't know what she's doing.
This is my mother's house in the state, where I live and live in England.
This is Monika, the most beautiful woman in the world, Gravel. She is one of the most beautiful women in the world.
Contamshi, a kuanamayo, ufuele, itchakashika, kuribashita tababili abaleisa, umo shita tta na kua tta urpara na fuala ne shati ilia fita.
Erio Uyunamayo Ekerinastata Valeshimika Napa-pana Kachola Akavuta
I'm going to paint the other side of the face and I'm going to paint the other side of the face.
If you don't have a mother or a child, you can't have a father or a mother. If you don't have a father or a mother, you can't have a mother.
I'm going to start now. I'm going to start by putting the glue on the top of the box.
Kaviri, napidibukira konuma na koveka nechola itchafita.
I am Kassana Naikata Ichako Kopelako, I am from the Uko-Kopavanto region, and I am very good at this.
Thank you very much for watching this video, see you in the next video.
I hope you enjoyed watching this video and I will see you in the next video.
Umoshita Tana Emininarele Shakunu Mayakui.
Eh, so Yoshitata won't be able to land the poor. Pantunde won't move, eh?
At the end of the thread, make a stitch at the end of the thread.
I'm going to add some water to the pot. It's going to be very hot. I'm going to add some water to the pot. I'm going to add some water to the pot.
Bambi, bambi mukamana, bade samba, kabbide mukamana, morinama bwado, ayadi okutadi.
Bambi avantu, nabekara pansh, nupepinakamana, yo bambi nabarara pansh.
And I understand that you love me and that you love me because I love you wholeheartedly.
Thank you very much for your time, Nachikosa.
Thank you very much for watching, see you in the next video
But I don't think it's a good idea to do it today.
That's all for today, see you in the next video.
This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching.
Bon Appetit!
Umomo ana paribabiri na forenso koji.
This is the first time I'm wearing a shirt like this and I'm not sure if I'm wearing it or not, I'm not sure if I'm wearing it or not, I'm not sure if I'm wearing it or not
Now I'm going to show you how to make a fish and a mullet and a mullet in a bowl.
Erio valenguera namurichi Ichakumu enako entanda Nafimdi fiavamumulu
I'm going to use a small knife to cut off the skin of the lemon
Ta wa fuere i fiaku fuara fia baka skoro Eri o uiumu na fuara na kasote eichou E chindanda chii ni baka skoro moni
Come on now, now come for her, if you're for her, if you're reaching her, she'll come to you.
Thank you very much for watching.
and I will see you in the next video.
Avantu abali kunu manavo balai hangara.
The water is very cold. The water is very hot. The water is very cold.
Thank you very much for your time, and I wish you all the best.
Voshe, oyu umu'aume, oyu lea angala, oyu angalo, afuele fein she!
In the end, the problem is that the government is not going to allow us to go to school. The problem is that we can't go to school.
This is my mum, she is from Limba and she is from Kuala Blanda.
That's all for this video. Thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next video.
This is the land of Kanshite Wulandakwete. This is the land of Kanshite Wulandakwete. This is the land of Kanshite Wulanda.
Na fulana ishati
Muka tika fi muti mule moneka ifi kōlua.
Gumbari amu mana. Kurina e fimuchi.
Muayche, aletro-ke-la, pa-men-che.
Umuana umuana kashi naikala
Thank you for watching A.K. Lemon.
Now for the next one, I'm going to show you how to do it.
Ali Waikala Mumatipa
No, no, no, no, no. I got a TF cool.
I don't know what I'm saying. I'm not saying that I'm going to be able to speak English. I'm just saying that I'm not going to be able to speak English.
Nishi, ui no muru mendu e ufumine mukuren ga uyomunue uripachu bomba.
Yo, you don't know what I'm talking about. You don't know what I'm talking about.
This is the end of this video. Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
I'm going to finish the video and then I'm going to put it on the microscope.
I'm going to show you how to do it in a different way.
Ushakuna, hello, how are you, Jim? I'm good, how are you?
If you don't know how to do it, you can't do it with a pump.
Thank you very much for your time.
Mwana mwana kashi alenua amenshi kupompi
Thank you very much for your time.
Hey! What's wrong with you? This is my first time using it. You don't have to bring it with you.
I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you very much for watching.
Thank you very much for watching and I will see you in the next video.
When I was a kid, I used to go to school and go to school and go to school. When I was a kid, I used to go to school and go to school.
Elio Idi ni shita yabushiku. Ko manase wo uko koshiichi de.
See them when I cut 4 aloe forpica to itchola.
Na fuala, na ici sote, i ci ha avuta.
I'll let you know when the time comes.
Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. Thank you very much for your time.
If you have any questions, please post them in the comments section below. Thank you very much.
This is the first time I've ever seen someone like this in my life. I've never seen anything like this in my life. I've never seen anything like this in my life.
Mumpan gaba rumendo vare angari ra, murie fiamu tine empiri.
Varemonika avansansasana pakuen syamachinga
Now I'm going to make a very mumpa and I'm going to show you how to make it.
This is the end of the video. Thank you for watching and I'll see you in the next video.
Now I'm going to show you how to make tamarind.
Don't forget to like and subscribe to my channel!
If you have any questions, feel free to post them in the comments below.
Panche parete che rivue pare fume no naifu pakula maruba aya suma sana.
Aya muni, limbi kare ingila imi via apa pe ne.
Erio, nakatemo asana, o kwangala momenshi.
Naka fuara, etchako sambiramu, mumenchi.
Akamoana, Akana, Kashi, Karetu, Lokakeka, Mumenji.
Eri o kuli ne chukuru wa konuma ichama pulanga.
Aliemonica, Juan San Sasana!
Now I'm going to wash my hands and eat my food. Now I'm going to wash my hands and eat my food.
Thank you very much for your time.
Nafuti, this is Fimiti, this is Mayakako.
Cheshenka, where is Pusanafi? I don't know, I don't know where he is but I don't know where he is and I don't know where he is and I don't know where he is
The next day he was in the village. He was just a little girl. He was a little girl. He was the only one who was being raised here. He was only 4. He was the first one to be raised in Peru. He was raised in Peru.
Then we're going to call it pango. In Chende, Bari Chinggirianol pango, Uluwa Tushinbi, Utoa Katapa Katapa. And we're going to call it pango lippifie.
This is the first time I've ever seen a person like this in my life. I'm very happy that I'm able to share my experience with you all. I'm very happy that I'm able to share my experience with you all.
I don't know how to explain it. I don't know how to explain it. I don't know how to explain it. I don't understand it.
This is the end of the video. I hope you enjoyed it. I hope you liked it.
If you want to learn more, go to Panthoarei Monika and learn more at PanthoareiPangasha.com
Mourmendo nae minina mumbari yan janji.
Thank you very much for watching and see you next time.
Oiumulumendo, tafuere neishatichi yare imba.
Umulumendo aleim bainimbo
Thank you very much for your time, Papa Mobili.
Hoi, Ababanthum, Balemoneka, Kuwaiti, Pali, Umuana, Naba, Fiashe.
I'm not sure if you can see the video, but I'm not sure if you can see the video, but I'm not sure if you can see the video.
Oh, yeah, that's right. Oh, yeah, that's right. That's right. I promise you. That's right.
Abakashanababiri, nomulumendo umovali mitu kabaresta ishintu siya kubon siya kunganda.
and you can do the same with the other side.
shita da arinda pakatia fi kuruwa nabika nadamia kukutui
Thank you very much for watching.
Pantanshi Parina Kacheda Akemini naka kakawatana mawiru yane.
Humana na fuara i dirompa
What do you think of this?
kumu kashana nai kata uturu biero are imba
Muka Shana wikele pampanda nai kata uturu witu nona.
This is the first time I've ever seen someone like this in my life.
We are free to leave him, but he will not be able to do anything for him.
Awe, now we know what's going on, and we'll see what happens.
I'm afraid I'm not going to be able to talk to you about this for a long time.
It's in this Masana Kavirihari Wama, Kwa Womuchanga, Kwa Wamawe, Aya Kalamberu Nanono, Eru Iriwe Kalambari Dupamumana, Washenaumono Wachaeche.
Thank you very much for watching this video, I hope you enjoyed it and I will see you in the next video.
I don't know where I got it from. I'm not going to tell you. I don't want to capture you. You to see and say what's going on. I don't want you to see me, I'm not going to tell you.
Ya, Rua, me, incende, caviri, fi'imut, i fa'u kofi'ai, ti ca necine, cine, cavirii, kwa, li fula, i fi'imut, i cavirifi'a, funda.
We'll see you in the next video.
Eh, this one could come back when it was started, but I don't know, I'm not sure anymore.
But that's it for today, I'll see you in the next video.
No money to buy a room be the avant-garde only
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
It's a moment. I don't know what's wrong. I don't know what's wrong. What's wrong is wrong.
Thank you very much for watching, see you in the next video.
Chachi ne muni, baku bala natchumona kuati wale itumona.
I hope you enjoyed this video, see you in the next video
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
This is the first time I've seen a person like this. I've never seen a person like this in my life.
Thank you for watching and thank you very much for watching.
Thank you very much for watching this video, I hope you enjoyed it and I will see you in the next video.
Thank you for watching and I will see you in the next video.
Now, I'm going to make a small hole in the bottom of the pot.
Abana abalumendo varete abola yakumolu.
We are now at the village of Aengi, Aiafita. We are going to go back to Chivansa.
Chile monne kakwati wa re te ya umangaro moa kotin fiana
Vakateya van binabha foala ifya makumbi makumbi ero van binabha foala ifya buddha.
I'm going to cut it a little bit and then I'm going to cut it a little bit.
Navo ababu danaba toroka okuruira omupira urimumuuru.
Air monee, area monee, wale monee ka awaka nishua mokuimba.
Thank you very much for watching this video, see you in the next video
Vakimba, Baleimba, Naifita Bufianin Boku Minui.
Mune, moati na umona ukuti nati, bakemba na wa foala i fia palana?
Thank you very much for your time, and see you in the next video.
Konuma kudine chimbayambaya chato bulu kila.
Thank you very much for watching and I will see you in the next video.
I hope you have enjoyed this video and that you will not forget to like this video and subscribe to my channel.
Shisata nanamayo nabai kumbata.
Thank you so much for watching. I hope you enjoyed watching this video. I hope you enjoyed watching this video.
Hello, my name is Potulé. I'm from Moa Fita. I'm from Ilaiti, and I'm from Kira Wonsei.
Thank you very much for watching this project, I will see you in the next video.
I hope you enjoyed watching this video, I hope you enjoyed it and I hope you enjoyed it too.
This is the first time I've ever seen a person like this in my life. I've never seen a person like this in my life.
My name is Oko Chim, I'm from the East Coast, and I'm from the West Coast, and I'm from the East Coast.
I am from Napa Fondu Bada, Pamulu, Awa, Kavalu. I have been working for five years now. I am very happy.
Thank you very much for your time. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I don't know why I'm not good at this. I don't know why I'm not good at this.
Hey, someone if you're a virgin fianna, you're going to be a shabba-kabab. But you know what, if you're a virgin, you're going to be a shabba-kabab.
Now, I'm going to show you how to do it.
In Futi Shila Panghechong Gongavashi Disha, Limbi Echo Awi Kileko if you have seen Kamatwiri into Ale Disha.
Thank you very much for watching and I will see you in the next video.
Omontuna don'tika infuti, ale foya ukshota itchpe palakuntansh.
I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you very much for watching.
Nombabushe, ui ui ne manakasha re wumbe nongo. Ui ui fwere shat liabu turukire ne turush liafita. Ni nongo shamsangoshanya re wumba.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching and if you have any questions, please post them in the comments section below. I wish you all the best and see you in the next video.
Abalomendo, Vavidi, Vali, Pamuchanga, Vavidi, Valethe, and Changalo.
Thank you very much for watching this video, see you in the next video.
I'm going to show you how to do it, and I'm going to show you how to do it.
I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed this video, I hope you enjoyed this video, see you in the next video
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching this video.
The most important thing is to use your hands to clean your hands. The most important thing is to use your hands to clean your hands. If you don't have a knife, you can use a knife to clean your hands.
I'm going to show you how to make this recipe in the next video.
Thank you for watching, see you in the next video
We're going to Naikata, Chimo, and we're going to Chupatala, Naikamofimo.
If you want to go to the city, you have to go to the city to get food. Then you have to go to the table.
Kumpera Kure Munika Amayanda
Cut the other side with a little bit of glue.
Now for our capital Neshadj.
Omurumendo are angara pakaplanga akama uiro.
Uma Ume Uma wa Utenkanda, ale tomono mubi e kuitobo.
We will not be able to do that. We will not be able to do that.
I hope you enjoyed this video and I will see you in the next video.
And now, I'm going to show you how to make a chicken-cara, chicken-cara, chicken-cara, chicken-cara, chicken-cara, chicken-cara.
Thank you very much for watching this video, I hope you enjoyed it and I will see you in the next video.
Eh boy, now I'm forwin' Nombachi Bipang Gapon Shoun Sen Sansa Shilaya Pabafi Okulidano Bulanda
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
Bale e pokere la bashi de kava a chalo chavo. Fidia tumona ilio a bashi de kave su bavue la kupi skipping.
And I hope you liked this video, see you in the next video.
Oria emiche mumuulu nikapiku wig wa fita Fili afisote wa fuwa laba baninsu
When I was a child I used to sleep on the side of the bed. I used to sleep on the side of the bed.
Uyumulumendo ufe de ichi sote aleanga
Murmendo, Alecita, Amangaro, Yakutuka.
Murmendo umo kunumanai kara aletamba amangaro.
He doesn't know what's going on and doesn't know what's going on.
This is the first time I've done this, and I'm going to show you how to do it.
Who's she? Balemone Kashani?
Thank you very much for watching and I'll see you in the next video.
Omolumen donom kashana nabalambala lapafiani mucivansa
Avalu Mendo, Bari Muchi Bansa Chaffia Angalo, Bari Teya Icha Angalo.
Hello everyone, this is Chichangalo. I hope you enjoyed this video. Thank you for watching.
Thank you so much for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. See you in the next video.
Tishinka, never fall if you're a kuchingirisha, even though I'm a bakutira manu, that's okay because I'm a kuchingira, but it won't get me.
Mokashana, Apo, Sere, Amanopadi, Akamupira, Eko, Areru, Risha.
Now for the naka-kosa-kumino-kafita.
If you don't want to go, you can go back to your home.
This is the first time I've ever seen a house like this in an area like this where there is a lot of water. This is the first time I've ever seen a house like this in an area like this where there is a lot of water.
This is the first time I've ever done a video like this. I'm going to show you how to do it in the next video.
In Boalei Angashanayo, Naya Samuna Nakanua, Eryo Badi Fuiika na Umushipe Uakashika Mumukoshi.
Namayo naikara paenshi na fungurula noku boku kuaku kulio.
Don't forget to like, comment, and subscribe to my channel.
Thank you very much for watching this video and I will see you in the next video.
Thanks for watching, see you in the next video.
Before we start the video, I would like to tell you a story.
Ushi, Finchu you wanna catch a date with me in Bois?
Thank you for watching and see you in the next video.
This is a very important part of the story. It's a very important part of the story.
Omo, modi utuwa na modi awaume watatu Babiri na wakon ka na warinda
If you don't know how to use it, you can use it as a cover. You can use it as a cover if you need it.
Thank you very much for watching and see you in the next video.
Thank you very much for watching and I will see you in the next video.
Adjo Kavidi Uyumwana, Affuma, Momenshi.
Thank you very much for watching.
I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about, but I don't know what I'm talking about.
Namayawabu Tenkanda, alete omupilo wakuminoi.
Ushenin Shendisham Sangon Shieko Vinga Sangavate Oyumpira
Oyu Temuchangosangu Kumbhari Ammana Iyo, delua liwi kona avantu munchen deshaku telamu kukupashanya Kukumbhari Ammana.
I will show you how to do it in the next video.
I'm going to eat a cup of coffee, I'm going to eat a little, and then I'm going to eat a little, and then I'm going to eat a little.
I am not a human, I am a Christian, I am a man, I am a Christian, I am a Muslim.
If you don't want to say phirasumma, count phirasumma and put phiradikwata ameno.
Can't push, now I'm gonna zoom out.
Thank you for watching, see you in the next video
Thank you very much for watching this video and see you in the next video.
Pushe! Fenshi! Uyumonakashi! Alechita! Nakapushi! Pamensou!
A poshi nakasuma oyuma nakashi pamoona nameno yakako.
Now I'm going to show you a little bit of how to make it easier for you to make it easier

Kono maya vo kulemonika abantu na vo valesta pofimomu istoro.
Thank you so much for watching.
We'll see you in a few minutes.
Umusungu, Aripanchinga.
There you go, it's all done. I'm going to put it in the fridge for a while.
E E M O N I Ale M O N I K A R I C A N S I W A S A N N A
We should know, Mona, if you are your own pandanche, a fondumene, lindu ale foaia, okuma kamopera, okubonfia, itjintu jintu akwete, momino yaakwe.
I'm going to show you a guy there�� he's not feeling well he doesn't want to worry he doesn't want to have a fight on the rains I think he is going out on the desert by getting ready to fight to rob the mountain that's why he wants to romance
I told him I'd pick it up. He asked me if I would pick it up. I said I'd pick it up. He said I'd pick it up. I said, I'll pick it up. I said, I'll pick it up. I said, I'll pick it up.
Thank you. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video. I hope you enjoyed this video.
If you want to learn more, go to the link in the description below.
I'll be back soon. I'll be back soon. I'll be back soon. See you later.
I don't know what I'm doing. I don't know what I'm doing.
Now I'm going to add the flour to the flour mixture.
昔あんでもいいなわ タモリぽまらいて モリフィエミティ ロレケシア
I hope you enjoyed watching this video, see you in the next video
Umu na Senama o Konkelepo ale angolechia Kulia, Vani na Vekala.
If you have any questions, feel free to post them in the comments below.
You can also use water to dry it, or you can use a cloth to dry it.
If you don't have a good life, you can't afford to eat. If you don't have a good life, you can't afford to eat.
Kaili, Aka Aka Boa Aka Nono, Naka Kwata Nomutwe Ubukulu Naka Mubili Aka Nono.
Kairi, Nepo Kari Angadira, Pariu, Tumavora, Otunono, Tuauma.
ehh, but I don't know what I'm doing and I don't know what I'm doing
I'm going to go and get my hair done and then I'm going to go and get my hair done.
We're gonna have to wait for it to cool down a bit.
I'm going to show you how to make a new video. I'm going to show you how to make a new video.
I'm going to show you how to do it, I'm going to show you how to do it.
This is the first time I've ever seen a lemon in a jar. I've never seen a lemon in a jar before.
I don't know if it's true or not.
See you in the next video.
Once upon a time, there was a man who used to live in a small village.
Now we will cut this out. It's about a quarter of a kilo. I will cut it in half and then cut it into a big piece.
I hope you enjoyed watching this video. I hope you enjoyed watching this video. Thank you for watching.
Aba kashana naba rumendo aba kulubari kuma angalo
Bambi Avantu, Wale Enda Shee, Mumusebo Naveena, Wale Dambako Uko, Wale Butuka.
Eh, church in Nekabiri, Parinawa Kashiana Babiliabari Kuntashi, Abafuera Makaputura Aya Fita.
Elio, culina vaume, abacon kereko, nabena vale o toka.
I'm going to turn off the camera so you can see the difference
Ehehe... Nobo nanza! Alaa ya man galo ya poosala naba kuroon Got defie vaishe...
This is the end of the video. See you in the next video.
If you don't want to go to the toilet, you have to go to the toilet before you go to the toilet.
If you want to go to school, go to school or go to school. If you don't want to go to school, go to school.
I don't know how to speak. I don't know how to speak.
Thank you so much for watching! See you in the next video!
That's all for now. Thank you very much for watching. I'll see you in the next video.
